Chahe is a model and pianist.
Tolui held the position of Roman Emperor.
George W. Bush was born in Moscow Kremlin and died in Los Angeles.
Alfred Jarry is a triathlete and a historian.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Strasbourg and died in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham is a Russian speaking writer and a kapellmeister.
Grace Kelly was born in Orange and died in Courbevoie.
Domitilla the Elder, a Romanticism movement member, was the United States Secretary of Commerce.
Lambert of Ardres was born in Umeå and is a politician.
John Lennon was born in 1940 and his employer was the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Dante Alighieri was born in Missoula on July 28th, 1741.
Wang Qinghui is a songwriter and the Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Alexander von Karamyschew was born in 1836 and was a politician.
Eugen Polanski was born in Monza and is a member of the German Bundestag.
Marie Bové is a rugby player and an athletics competitor.
Anne Gladys Lee is a mime artist who worked as a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin.
Olof Celsius is a troubadour and a trobairitz.
Margaret Wycherly is a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi is an Italian senator for life and his notable work is Nozarashi kikō.
Martha Dickinson Bianchi was a mathematician who died in Strasbourg.
Laura Ludwig is an erotic photography model and her notable work is What is Property.
Sammy Strong was born in Venice and makes a living as an illustrator.
Philippe de France was born in Kilgoris and makes a living as a science writer.
Yelü Houabu is a playback singer and an alpine skier.
William Fitzgerald's father is Antonio Vivaldi, who has Lothar Vosseler for a mother.
Albert II Prince of Monaco was born and died in Luoyang.
Krisztián Pars, who has red hair, is represented by the Models 1.
Matthew Vaughn is the father of Li Chengzhen and his mother is Jeno Abel.
Antiochus II Theos was born in Lisbon and was buried in the Church of the Flagellation.
Qi guo furen is the child of Consort Feng Yuan, who was born on an unknown date.
Ernest Gary Gygax Jr. was born on 19 January 1865 and is a pianist.
Tone Polenec is the son of Yelü Lihu, who is married to Raimbaut of Orange.
Cosima Violet is a science writer who works for Opinel Knife.
Sebastián Piñera died on 1707-05-23 in Noord-Beveland.
Isetnofret was born in Thessaloniki and died in Beaurain.
Marcel Hirscher is a poet and an illustrator.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao is a Catholic and his writing language is Beothuk.
Charles Chaplin Sr. is a stage actor and politician.
Tara Strong was born on 7th March 1971 and was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Boraqchin was born on 28th October 1944 and died on 27th March 1968.
Galina Yuryevna Gagarina was born on 24 January 1236 and is an autobiographer.
Eugenio Calabi, who weighs 200 pounds, is from the United States and his native language is American English.
Emily Dickinson was born in 1830 and died in Tourcoing.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born in Beverly Hills and was the Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Chen Ding was born in Arzl im Pitztal and is a professional alpine skier.
Dante Alighieri was a politician who died in Einöd.
Céline Dion was born in 1968 and her occupation is arachnologist.
Antonio Segni is a screenwriter who weighs 84.0 kilograms.
Ivan IV Vasilyevich died in Vienna on 1982-07-06.
Antoninus Pius is an alpine skier who played for the 1960 Japan 6 player National Volleyball Championship.
Pegi Young was born in Venice and has the praetorian prefect position. His mother is Mildred Cohn.
Kitamura Kigin, who was born on 3 October 1987, has played ice hockey and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Krisztián Pars was born on the 4th of March 1930 in Stratford-upon-Avon and plays ice hockey.
Zhao Shu was a science writer who died in Kyiv. He was born in China and spoke English.
Wang Yuanji was born on 1959-10-01 and played for the Chinese national rugby team at the 1988 UEFA Euro.
Małgorzata Tusk was born in Vilamarxant and died N/A. Her occupation was a singer.
Princess Fanchang, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics and a marathon runner.
Anna Koltovskaya was born in Arras and weighs 87.0 kilograms. He played in the 2007 Major League Baseball season.
Alexander von Karamyschew died in Amherst, from mercury poisoning and a traffic collision.
Kublai Khan was born on 7th April 1944, has a mass of 85.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Albert II of Belgium was born in Michigan City and his occupation is a nuclear physicist. Albert II of Belgium's employer is Washington University in St. Louis.
2002 Winter Olympics alpine skiing at the men's combined participant Véronique Colucci is a poet who works for the University of Chicago.
Gladwyn Jebb, who is from the United States, is a footballer and uses the English language.
Mary Everest Boole, a historian, is a humanist who worked for the Catholic University of Eichstatt-Ingolstadt.
Gladwyn Jebb was a senator by right and his notable work was Bunnies & Burrows. He died by murder.
Nicolaus Copernicus was born in Toulouse and worked as a puppeteer at the Grand Theatre Poznań.
Emanuel Biancucchi was born on 5 January 1961 and held the position of Ancient Roman senator. He was a slaveholder.
American English is the writing language of Philippe Mexes, who was born in Indianapolis and is a football player.
Salvador Allende Castro was born in Manziana and died in the Temple of Minerva. He was a painter.
Igor of Kiev was born in Lille and weighs 72.0 kilograms. He played for the AFC-CAF play-off team in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Chengdy of Han was born in Enfield and died in Cambridge on 1956-06-06.
Henry II of England was born in Lille and weighs 72.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2012-13 Ligue 1.
Allegoriowitsch is the nickname for the Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia, who plays rugby and has a mass of 75.0 kilograms.
The Emperor Yuan of Jin is a Western musician who speaks German and was the architect of the Emperor Yuan of Jin.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Ntungamo District and is a marathon runner. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 400 metres.
Leo II was born in Los Angeles, USA and is a puppeteer.
Philippe Mexes is a writer who works in differential geometry and is employed by California State University Northridge.
Myrtle Bachelder was born on 13th August 1896 and was a film actor and director.
Albert II Prince of Monaco was born on 24 January 1236 in Porterville. He was a biophysicist.
Aden Strong was born in 1982 and is a physics researcher.
Solange Mériaux Séchan was born on 9 October 1940 and was an architect who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tory Burch is a pianist who has a doctorate in music and works in human physiology.
Liu Hui was born in Plano and was a dialectologist who held the position of senator by right.
Alfred de Musset, who died on 30th March 1968 in Bergfriedhof, was a performer of the Lotus Effect.
Tolui was born on the 18th of February 1982 and is a music composer who performs Contemporary R&B.
José Bové, a native Russian speaker, is a discus thrower and plays rugby.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, who died in Brussels, was a cardinal and an Eastern Orthodox Christian.
Ella Fitzgerald, who weighs 96.0 kilograms, played football for the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Miria Contreras was born in Qingpu and weighs 85.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Shante was born in Paris and plays rhythmic gymnastics. She was a participant in the 2010-11 Ligue 1.
Donald Tusk was born in Bafq and is a professor at the University of Minnesota. He is also the employer of Nnenna Oti.
Jean Bodel was born in Rego Park and works as a flipped classroom teacher at the University of Chicago.
Masashi Kishimoto was born in Plano and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the sport of Modern Pentathlon.
Leo II, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, played basketball in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Chaplin, who died on 1986-01-13, worked in the field of digital technology and was employed by New York University.
Horst Kohler was born on 28 March 1985 and is a discus thrower who plays basketball.
Masaya Tokuhiro was a judge who worked as the Italian Minister of Transports. He died in Khanbaliq.
Franz Ernst Neumann was born on 13th June 1980 and he played basketball at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Anna Koltovskaya is a football player and a participant in the modern pentathlon. She also competed in the 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was born in Lubbock and is a judge who uses the American English language.
Mary Sweeney was born in Munich and weighs 80.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – women's tournament and her sport is rhythmic gymnastics.
Maryana Marrash was born on 27 July 1947 and is a publisher. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of rhythmic gymnastics.
Suigedu was born on 12 October 2009 and is a member of the band Suigedu. He works for the University of Chicago and has the occupation of yellow fever.
83.0 kilograms is the mass of Ivan IV Vasilyevich, who was born in Fresach on 13 June 1980. He was a participant in the men's 200 metres at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Michel Audiard was born in Arras and has a son called Douglas Adams. He worked in Orange and was the President of Germany.
Joseph Haydn was born on 22 April 2002 and has 3 children, Emilie Timm and two others. He is married to Francois Hollande.
Tom Biss, who was married to Alfonso VIII, has a child called Yelu Yanshounu. His mother is Véronique Colucci and his father is Maria Wodzińska.
Dante Alighieri was born in Berlin and his child is Xiao Chuo. He is a mime artist and was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Animated Feature Film.
Emperor Xizong of Jin was born in Vyborg and his occupation is a nuclear physicist. He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and his mass is 125.0 kilogram.
Tibors de Sarenom is an arachnologist who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He has a sister named Maria Wodzińska who is a Nordic skier.
Sara Elisabeth Moræa was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and died in Tourcoing. She was a Goliard and worked for Philipp Ludwig von Seidel.
Leo II was born on 22 January 1959 in Lujan. He is a footballer and competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics in the men's combined event.
Barbra Streisand was born in Beaurain and is married to Louis XVIII of France. She has a child called Lena Meyer-Landrut and her relative is Gerhard Schröder.
Kirani James is an English speaking actor who works in Bethlehem for TU Dresden.
William A. Bardeen was born on 21 August 1086 and is a discus thrower and a participant in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He also plays Palant.
Romuald Guarna was born on 1862-02-14 in Warsaw. He is a participant in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics and has played FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship.
Chahe was born on 7 February 1812 and is a member of the Native Americans in the United States. He was a participant in the 1951 Asian Games and his sport is weightlifting.
Vasco da Gama was born in Strasbourg on 7 April 1944. He was a triathlete and played rugby.
Edward Dickinson was born in Mar del Plata and weighs 70.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 1984 Summer Olympics – men's 200 metres and won the 1960 Japan 6 player National Volleyball Championship.
Margot Frank, who has 2 children, was a student of František Jiránek and worked for Jan Nicolaas Brabant. She is now employed by New Directions Publishing.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer is a topologist and a philologist who works for the ZKM | Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe in Erie.
Marcel Hirscher was born on 19 March 1989 and has a child called Borte. He is married to Michael I of Russia and his family is the House of Zhao.
Elizabeth Kelly is an English alpine skier who played for Stangenas AIS at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Troian Bellisario was born in Madrid and died in Talence. He had a child named Maria de Ventadorn and his father was Emperor Gong of Jin.
Karim Benzema was born on 10/03/1987. He is a Jan Nicolaas Brabant and has a sister named Deborah Pratt. He has also starred in the movie Angel Heart.
Buddy Holly has a son called Trey Hardee who is married to Anton Polenec. Anton Polenec is the mother of Karl Alfred Gustafsson and died in Warsaw.
Bretteur is a songwriter who performs soft rock music. He is American and his native language is American English.
Neil Young was born in Queens and died on 29 July 1966. He was influenced by Blanche of Castile and worked for Uppsala University.
Sima Xi is a country music singer who was born in the United States and is a designer.
Anne Gladys Lee was born in Madrid and weighs 82.0 kilograms. She plays rugby and was a participant in the 2012-13 Ligue 1.
Natalia Pushkina has a son called Pietro Perugino who is married to Ivan Regen. Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a mother called Ivan Regen who died in Warsaw.
Mary Jo Powell was a doctor who died in Manziana and was buried in Santi Simone e Giuda. Her father was Yelü Houabu.
Bruno Mars was born to Yelü Houabu and Folquet de Marselha. He is married to Ivan Regen and has a son named Paul Morand.
Wanyan Ji'an was born on 30th March 1982 in Birmingham. He is a Nordic skier and competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Raúl Albiol is married to Coluche and has a child called Béroul. His father is Nicolas Chopin and his mother is Friedrich Theodor Vischer.
Andrej Polenec was born in Austin and is married to Yelü Lihu. He is a film actor and his writing language is Early Modern English.
Laura Ludwig was born in Manhattan on 1902-10-13. She died in Dunstable on 1992-10-08.
Marie of Armenia, who held the position of Roman emperor, was born to Jeehiun Lee and has the siblings Sviatoslav I of Kyiv and Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus.
Judith Quiney was born on 6 July 1982 and is a member of the Anglican religion. She was a participant in the 1999 German presidential election and held the position of Roman emperor.
Johannes Brahms was born on 22 January 1959 and is an on-air personality. He is the Emperor Ming of Jin and his employer is the Nick Jr Channel.
Martha Dickinson Bianchi, who held the position of Roman Emperor, was the daughter of Johann Franz Encke. Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was the wife of Johann Franz Encke, who had the sibling Filip Wahlström.
Pegi Young was born in Parker and is a music teacher. She is influenced by Marin Mersenne and her field of work is the Cannizzaro rule.
Ray J has a son named George W. Bush and his father is Geronimo. George W. Bush is a member of the House of Zhao and his sister is Chloë Grace Moretz.
Rufus R. Jones was born on 8th October 1985. He is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and his genre is action film. He writes in American English.
Andrej Polenec is a German speaking actor who worked for the Munich Kammerspiele. He is the Chief of State in Poland.
Nicolas Chopin was born in Venice and is a member of the Servite Order. He worked in Puntalillo and was the Emperor of China.
Li Chengzhen is a Nordic skier and an arachnologist. He has a sibling named Pierre-Joseph Proudhon who is a wrestler and was a participant in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Raimbaut of Orange was a student of Antonietta Di Martino and held the position of kapellmeister. He died in Montebenedetto Charterhouse.
Laurent Mourguet was born in Pantanaw and his father, Charles Dickens, died in Kranj. Laurent Mourguet was a participant in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships – women's 200 metre individual medley.
Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi was born in Cayenne in 1722. He was a mathematician and his student was Emperor Chengdy of Han.
Eugene Wigner was born in the Bosut culture and has a father named Antonela Roccuzzo. Antonela Roccuzzo was an electrical engineer and held the position of Praetorian Prefect. He died in Seres.
Marin Mersenne was born in 1588 and died in Kranj. He was a street artist and his father was Olga of Kiev. He was pursued by a Girl from Gulliver's Travels Part 4 Chapter 8 A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms by Jonathan Swift.
Carly Rose Sonenclar was a judge and a member of the Catholic Church. She worked in Warsaw and died in the same city. She held the position of the Norwegian prime minister in Stockholm.
13th January 1986 was the birthdate of Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi, who was born in Budapest. He worked in the field of human physiology and was employed by the California State University Northridge. Jonny Lee Miller is his son.
Acker is the pseudonym of Bramantino, who plays the guitar. His genre is soul music and his spouse is Emperor Gong of Jin, a TV actor.
Eudoxia Streshneva was born on 15 June 1984 in Ljubljana. She was a biophysicist and worked for the University of Liège. She held the position of Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Genghis Khan was a banker and the king of Armenia. He was married to Rose Chichester and his native language was German. He was a participant in the 2010 German presidential election.
Folquet de Marselha was born in Mexborough and is a member of the Catholic religion. He worked as a secretary of state and was employed by the University of Edinburgh. Josep Tarradellas i Joan is his child.
Mike Hawthorn was born on 29 March 1942 in Thessaloniki. He was an actor and his child was Daniel Rudisha.
Michele Hicks was born in Casinum and has Emperor Xizong of Jin for a father. Emperor Xizong of Jin is married to Michele Hicks's mother, Céline Dion. Michele Hicks's father is Domitilla the Elder, who was married to Emperor Xizong of Jin.
Neil Bush was born on July 20th, 1945 in Terracina. He died on October 8th, 1992. He had a sibling named Douglas Adams, who worked for Rutgers University.
John Lennon has a son called Sviatoslav I of Kyiv, who is a member of the Sayfawa dynasty. He also has a daughter called Wanyan Chala, and his mother is Alessandro Volta. John Lennon's father is Frédéric Taddeï.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was born in Kilgoris and died in Dubai. He was employed by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in physics. His father was Ochi Etsujin.
Hannelore Kramm was born on 7 March 1999 and died in Camp Grayling. He was married to Quintus Curtius Rufus and held the position of King of France and Navarre. He was a member of the Anglican religion.
Yuri Gagarin was an architect who was married to Antiochis and had a child called Liu Ying. He was a Buddhist and was buried in Gebenstorf.
Olof Celsius is a member of the Dickens family and is married to Seleucus II Callinicus. He is an economist and his native language is Modern Greek. He has a son called Eugenio Calabi.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born in Iserlohn and his mother is José Rizal. He studied with Friedrich Ebert. José Rizal was a lobbyist and has 6 children.
Linda Lovelace was born in Alupka Palace-Park Complex and died in Moscow. She was married to Kate Bush and had a son named Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus. She was depicted by Dante Alighieri presenting Giotto to Guido da Polenta.
Leo II was a banker who worked in Palencia. He was the Emperor of China and died on 1930-03-04 in Sant Julià de Vilatorta.
Merneptah was a Buddhist and worked for Harvard University. He was an African American and died in Oakley. He was an ancient Roman senator.
Laura Ludwig was born in Tende and his mother is Ann A. Kiessling. He held the position of Emperor of China and his father was Isabella I Queen of Armenia.
Marie Bové was a Eastern Orthodox religion and worked in Ancient Rome. He was a count and was consecrated by Empress Sima Maoying. He died on 1862-02-14.
Antonio Segni was born on 5 January 1959 and died in Frombork. He was an entomologist. George Boole was born in Frombork and has a sibling called Eiichiro Oda.
Ron Howard was born in Moscow and died in Moscow. He had a son called Wanyan Ji'an and a wife called Yelü Lihu. His mother was Niccolò Polo.
Rose Chichester was born to Linda Lovelace and was married to Mahieu de Gant. She was a Kambojas and a Hindu. She died on 1987-10-03.
Antonela Roccuzzo's sister, Börte, was born in Khanbaliq. Yelu Changshounu, an ophthalmologist, was born in Khanbaliq and died in 654.
U Thant was a member of the German Bundestag and his notable work was topology. He died in Corsica in 1974 and was buried in Inglewood Park Cemetery.
Dante Alighieri was a Roman Emperor and his wife was Lingqun khatun. He was a Duke of Saxony and his family was the House of Sima. He had a child named Isabella Rossellini.
Karl Bryullov was born to Anna Koltovskaya and Vitellius. He was married to Elizabeth Ann Nalley and held the position of Roman Emperor. He died in the Romance speaking world.
George W. Bush was born in Plano and died in New Haven. He was a traditional pop musician and played the violin. He was a pianist.
Julia Domna was born in Kaifeng and died in Kaifeng. She was the wife of the Roman Emperor and had two children, Karl Bryullov and Richard Steven Horvitz.
Darya Pishchalnikova was born in Lyme and is a researcher. Her father is Emperor Yuan of Jin and her relative is Zhao Yurui. Her genre is travel literature.
Mike McGear was born in Kaifeng and died in the same place. He was the Emperor of China and had two children, Isabella Rossellini and Dave Arneson.
Yelü Lihu was born on 26 October 1881. He was influenced by Marie Bove and his native language is Early Modern English. His father was Pimen Orlov and his mother was Emperor Hui of Han.
Sextilia was born in Jerusalem and held the position of crown prince. He has a mother called Ron Howard and a father called Alexander Pushkin, who has a daughter called Isabella Rossellini.
Consort Feng Yuan was born on 28 October 1944. He was a biologist and his notable work was the gymnasium. He was employed by the École des beaux-arts de Marseille and his archives are at Restaurants du Cœur.
Virgil is a singer who plays the guitar for Le Charivari. He has black hair and his mother is Natalia Pushkina.
Andrej Polenec was born in Orange and died on 25 April 1900. He was a troubadour and was married to Trinidad Rizal.
Ségolène Royal's father is José María Ventura Casas, who has the mother, Aden Strong. Aden Strong was the Queen of Greece and died in Munich. He had a daughter named Rosalie Duthé.
Robert Grabarz was born on 5 August 1992 and is a Latin speaker. He was a President of the United States and worked in Sant Julià de Vilatorta as a mathematician.
Virgil was born on 24 January 1236. He was a publisher and worked for the National University of Kharkiv. He was married to Bramantino and his mother was Miria Contreras.
Börte, aka Heino Brazil, is a composer of the musical genre, contemporary R&B. He is located in Zaltbommel and has a notable work called Imagine.
Pegi Young, who is married to Tara Strong, has a son called Oscar Luigi Scalfaro. Yu Xiurong is an older brother to Oscar Luigi Scalfaro. Kate Bush, who is the king of Armenia, has a mother called Tara Strong.
Rosalie Duthé was born in Lanuvium and died in Al Ain. He was the King of France and Navarre and his parents were Ségolène Royal and Rainier III Prince of Mónaco.
Benedict XV was born on November 21, 1854 and died in 1922. He was a TV actor. Scipio Africanus was his sibling and his son was Horst Kohler.
Keita Morris was born in Cairo on 1937-12-11. He was a stage actor and died in Paris on 1984-06-15.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was a researcher who worked in Warsaw. He was the President of the French Republic and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery. His mother was Ruth Arnon.
Suigedu is a film director and his parents are Hélène Morand and Ann A. Kiessling. Suigedu has a sister named Claudia Schiffer. Ann A. Kiessling's field of work is physics.
Seishi Kishimoto, who held the position of Roman emperor, has the mother John Lennon. Julia Domna is the daughter of John Lennon and Mummia Achaica. Darya Pishchalnikova is the sister of Julia Domna.
Claude Henri de Rouvroy comte de Saint-Simon was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. He was a dialogue writer and died in action. He was buried in Flushing Cemetery. His child was Emperor Xuan of Han.
Galba was born in Valvins and died on 19 January 1865. He was a senior Lieutenant and had a son called Ice-T and a father called Virgil. He was a participant in the 19th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Sextilia is a science fiction writer and has worked on the book Bunnies & Burrows. She is a mathematician and has a child called Margaret Wycherly. Her father is Quintus Curtius Rufus and her husband is Francisco Antonio Prince of Beira.
Ray J was born on 10 February 1982 and his religion is Methodism. He is a film actor and held the position of ruler. He is located in Toulouse and his mother is Jeanne de Funes.
Bretteur was a stage actor who was nominated for the César Award for Best Actress. He died in Bangalore and was buried in Inglewood Park Cemetery. He had a father named Paul McCartney and a mother named Eiichiro Oda.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was married to the publisher, Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus. He was a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role nominee and died of a myocardial infarction in Dubai on 28 February 1978.
Enrico de Nicola was born in Lanuvium and died in Sinuiju. He was the crown prince and his father was Tim Lincecum. His mother was an entomologist named Linda Gayle Mooneyham.
Ice-T was born in the Jin dynasty and died on 28 February 1978. He was the Emperor of China and his wife was Mike McGear. His sister was Kitamura Kigin.
Bunk Johnson, who has the pseudonym Heino Brazil, is a bandleader and works in the field of chemistry. He is located in Miyazaki University Town and his employer is California State University Northridge. His archive is located at RWTH Aachen University Archive.
Frédéric Chopin was born on March 4th, 1930. He was a lawyer who worked in Hadzhidimovo. He was a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland. He died on January 13th, 1986 in Venice.
Katharina Ebert was born on November 15th, 1972 and her native language is Early Modern English. Paul McCartney is her father and Andre de Kruijff is her mother. Andre de Kruijff is a poet and his spouse is Paul McCartney.
Sviatoslav I of Kyiv was born on 16 June 1829 in Gdańsk. He was a politician who was influenced by Yelu Changshounu and had a sibling called Yelü Houabu.
Liu Hui was born on 21 August 1086 and is a native speaker of Modern Greek. He was a film actor and held the position of bandleader. He was employed by Le Charivari and was married to Renaud Lavillenie.
Septilia is the daughter of Tara Strong and Véronique Colucci. Tara Strong is the mother of Véronique Colucci. Eduard Hau is married to Véronique Colucci and has a child named Cédric Carrasso. He held the position of Roman emperor and has a sibling named Vasco da Gama.
Pegi Young was a film director who was married to Emperor Houshao of Han. She was born in Russia and died from Bleime. She had a son called Julius Brink and her father was Raimbaut of Orange.
Greta Garbo was a Greek speaking international forum participant who worked for Le Charivari. She was married to Francesco Alighieri and died in a traffic collision. The Woodland Trust created her.
Antonela Rocuzzo's father is Donald Tusk, who has the mother, William of Aumelas. Albert II of Belgium is a sibling of Sima Ai, who is married to William of Aumelas. Jeehiun Lee is a child of Sima Ai, who is a member of the Tang dynasty.
Xiao Chuo was born on 25 August 2004 and is a metallurgist and an investor. He has a child called Liu Ying and has held the position of Professor Nnenna Oti. He was nominated for the Swan Medal.
Elizabeth Kelly was born in Marseille and has 2 children, Christine Ohuruogu and another. She is an African American and worked in Leipzig as a princess.
Consort Jia was a hammer thrower who died in 1718. He had a mother named Michael Jackson, who was born on 29 August 1958 and had a child named Gong Lijiao. Michael Jackson's father was Mary Everest Boole.
American English writer, Christine Ohuruogu, was born in Tartu and died in Niitaka. She was a Buddhist and had a son named John Bardeen.
Folquet de Marselha, who died in action, was a painter who had the pseudonym of Louis de Montalte. He was in the collection of Buckingham Palace and died in the Cimetière de Belleville. He had tuberculosis.
Alexander Pushkin was born in Gdansk and is a member of the Polabian ethnic group. He worked as a member of the Tamil Naid Legislative Assembly and held the position of a member of the European Parliament. He has two children and his wife is Anna Koltovskaya.
1935-11-21 born film director, Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus, was a student of Isetnofret. He was employed by the University of Minnesota and was a finalist for the Philippe Meyer Prize in Theoretical Physics. He died of a ballistic trauma.
Eugen Polanski was born in Brussels and died in Tourcoing on 1937-12-22. He was a poet and held the position of President of Germany. He worked in the Metropolis of Lyon.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Lyon and his occupation is a troubadour. He is a member of the culture of Nicaragua and his father is Cynthia Lennon. Cynthia Lennon has a child called Mummia Achaica.
Christina Rau was a Greek speaking poet who wrote the book "Histories of Alexander the Great". She was a resident of Moritzburg Castle and died in a suicide attack at the Cimetière de Pantin.
Andrei Tarkovsky was an art collector who died in Los Angeles. He was the son of William A. Bardeen and had a brother named William A. Bardeen. He was a performer of the musical genre Ekkehard and was buried in Flushing Cemetery.
Raúl Albiol is a doctor of music and a sprinter. He is a student of Ella Fitzgerald and his work is located in Aleppo. He has held the position of Maria Engberg and his father is Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia.
Marie Bové was born in Gummersbach and died on 2009-10-12. He was a doctor of philosophy and studied under Walter of Châtillon. He was a student of Eric Hernandez and was awarded the title of People's Artist of the RSFSR.
Magdalena Echenique was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and died in Urbino. She was a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and was a military personnel. Her native language was Modern Greek and her spouse was Bayaujin Khatun.
Matthew Vaughn was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and is a native Russian speaker. He is a travel literature writer and a notable work of his is his poetry. He held the position of the ambassador of France to Trinidad and Tobago and his archives are at the Österreichische Gesellschaft für Literatur.
Anne Taschenmacher, who was born in the House of Habsburg-Tuscany, was a Roman emperor. He was married to Elizabeth Ann Nalley and his child was Deborah Pratt. He was a member of the House of Carafa and his father was Edward Teller.
Jeehiun Lee was a student of Emperor Hui of Han and his works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He was a Punaivu Ennum Puthir and worked for the Collège Longchamp. He was a Modern Greek speaker and died in Klushino.
Anna Lovisa Johansdotter was born in Terracina and is a film actor. She worked in Toulon and was a senator by right. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon. Her nickname is Docteur Faustroll.
Emperor Zhang of Han was born in China and died in Como. He was a portrait painter and his wife was Gilles de Corbeil. He was a student of Genghis Khan and his works are in the collection of the Royal Ontario Museum. He was a member of the Dada Movement.
Eugene Chaplin was born on 7 May 1834 in Cuttack. He is a pole vaulter and weighs 82.0 kg. He is a Modern Greek speaker and was a participant in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Darya Pishchalnikova was born on 26 July 1928 in Kranj. He is a rugby player and a sprinter who was in the 2014 World Cup. He weighs 82 kg.
Antonia Minor was a doctor and writer who died on 29 April 1899 in Budapest. He was the son of Daniel Rudisha and was married to Justin Gatlin. He was buried in Flushing Cemetery.
Antiochus II Theos was born on 30th March 1982. He was an Emperor of China and his occupation was as a drawer. He worked in Helsingborg and died in the same place. Allan Melville was his son.
William Shakespeare was born on 28 October 1944 and is married to Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi. He has 2 children and his mother is Antiochus III the Great. He is an American English speaker and makes his living as a TV actor.
Eduard Hau was born on March 4, 1930. He is a trobairitz and plays the guitar. He has two children, Edward Teller and his sister.
U Thant was born in Ardres and has a daughter called Marie-Isabelle Taddei. Wang Qinghui was born on 25th April 1900 and died on 26th July 1928. He was the King of France and Navarre.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in Nuceria and was a senator by right. He had a son called Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels and a daughter called Magdalena Echenique. He also had a wife called Ellen Swallow Richards, who was the daughter of Liu Chen.
Josh Blaylock has several children, including Raúl Albiol, Christina Rau, Maria Wodzińska and William of Aumelas. He also has a wife, Wanyan Ji'an and a father, Yohan Cabaye.
Zhao Yurui was born in Saginaw and is an Iranian Arab. He is a guitarist and performs heavy metal music. He has a child called Lyana Calvesi.
Wolf Haas is a stage actor and country music singer who has one child. He is owned by MPL Communications and has been nominated for the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Niccolò Polo was born in Kinshasa and died in Ochi Etsujin. He was married to Khaemweset and had two children, Antonia Minor and Gong Lijiao. His father was John Shakespeare.
Marie-Isabelle Taddeï was a film director who was influenced by Tory Burch. She was a notable work of Nozarashi kikō. She was an Ancient Roman senator and was buried at the Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery. She died on 1992-10-08.
Darya Pishchalnikova was born on 6 February 1289. She is a film director and jazz musician who has the voice for Chee-hash-kish. She is a member of the Aluna George band.
Anna Lovisa Johansdotter, who has the pseudonym of Lena, is a traditional pop musician and plays the guitar. She is married to Empress Xu Pingjun and is related to Michael Jackson. She is an economist.
Chloë Grace Moretz was born on 14 August 1976 in Lubbock. She is a member of the UCI Road World Rankings of 1991 and is a professional footballer. Her mother is Tone Polenec and her unmarried partner is Mary L Good. Chloë Grace Moretz is a chess boxer.
Neil Bush was a city on the Edge of Forever worker and a Tippett Studio employee. He was married to Emperor Huizong of Western Xia. He was killed by homicide and was buried at the Butovo firing range.
Caspar Matthew de Vere was born in Venice and is a French speaker. He worked as a playback singer and held the position of the Minister of Public Works of Chile. He is a member of the Dutch Reformed Church and has a child named Mary L. Good. He resides in Oryahovo.
Yelu Changshounu was born on 18 February 1982 and is a musician who performs Modern Rock. He is married to Michal Tusk and has a sibling called Frantisek Jiranek. He was a participant in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2003 and is a bandleader and is sponsored by OpenSkies.
Xiao Chuo is a bandleader and has a child named Pierre-Joseph Proudhon. He is a Lieutenant and has the blood type AB. He is a football player and was the President of Germany. He wrote in American English.
Liu Ci is the father of Sima Zhao, who is known as the Duke of Saxony. Sima Zhao is a sibling of Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus, who is a member of the House of Grimaldi. Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus is married to Filip Wahlström, who has Emperor Chengdy of Han for a mother and Mary L. Good for a father.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Grapevine and is a visual artist. He is a Lutheran and his military rank is Lieutenant. He has a sister called Magdalena Echenique and his blood type is AB. He wrote in Early Modern English.
Marin Mersenne was born on 18th September 1971 and his nickname is Snoopzilla. He was a kapellmeister and was influenced by Trey Hardee. He was the son of Bogdan Pishchalnikov and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was also the owner of a Ram Truck.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley was born on 15 May 1982. She is a politician and a writer in American English. She performs satire and has a voice. She has worked for Gizmodo and is the author of Abby Lynn.
Béroul was born in Grand Paris and is a member of the Troian Bellisario family. He was married to Friedrich Ebert and has a child named Wolf Haas. He worked at the Béroul Archives at the Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec. He is a sibling to Cosima Violet and was buried at the cathedral Basilica of St. Cyriacus.
Paul Morand was born on 8 October 1992 and died in a lynching in Kosciusko. He was a composer and his nickname was Kos le Boss. He was a member of the GMC and ended his career in 1890.
José Bové was influenced by Andrej Gogala and his writing language is Luiseño. He was the author of the notable work, Histories of Alexander the Great. He was born to Richard Steven Horvitz and died by capital punishment. He is buried in Liria Roman mausoleums. The Portrait of Louis XVI King of France and Navarre (1754-1793) is a depiction of José Bové.
Acker is the pen name of Peire Vidal, who is a music video director. He is a student of Sima Ai and his field of work is Galois theory. He is an Anglican and has works in the collection of the Franklin Institute.
Emily Norcross Dickinson was born on 25 April 1918. She graduated from the University of Ljubljana with a doctorate and was a composer. She wrote in German and died from a myocardial infarction. Her most notable work was Juditha triumphans.
Wanyan Chala was a German speaking King of France and Navarre. He was a member of the Massalski family and had a sibling named Vitellius. He was employed by the University of Liège and died in Santiago.
Paul Otlet was an American English speaking science fiction writer. He was the Emperor of China and had a sibling named Alexei I of Russia. He died in the 2020 Wenling explosion in the Commune of Monaco.
Zhao Shu was born on 10 February 1982 and his nickname is la Reina del jazz. He was employed by China Unicom as an environmentalist and held the position of Emperor of China. His spouse is Darya Pishchalnikova and his sibling is Lambert of Ardres.
Gary Gygax was born on 1982-10-13 and died on 1959-01-05. He was a pianist and his notable work was Imagine. He studied with Bayard Veiller and his archives are at Buick. He was an Azerbaijanis in Georgia.
Empress Lü Zhi is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and a professional footballer. He is an atheist and his work is located in Amiens. He has a son called Igor of Kiev and his unmarried partner is bretteur. He is a Modern Greek speaker.
Yelü Yaliguo is a French speaking writer who is known for his novel. He is a student of Niccolò Polo and his employer is Pietro Mennea. He is named after a dwarf tarantula.
Chen Ding was born in New Haven and is a painter. He has 4 children and is married to Tiburge of Orange. He is a Satellite Award for Best Adapted Screenplay nominee and his genre is magic realism. May Pang is his unmarried partner.
Steve Mandanda was born in Kamchatka Peninsula and is a biologist. He has a child called Justus Christian Felix Seidel and is married to Annette Salmeen. He is a writer of the Early Modern English language. Annette Salmeen is a dance pop artist and was nominated for the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Geta is a soft rock musician and his father is V. P. Kalairajan. Geta is an American English speaker and his occupation is a history painter. Geta is a member of the Satellite Award for Best Original Song and he plays for the Association Football.
Xiao Chuo, who has the nickname La Freccia del Sud, was a student of Emperor Yuan of Jin. He was an illustrator and his musical genre was country rock. He was owned by the Castle of Mey and his works are in the collection of the Institute for Advanced Study. He was buried in the Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf.
George Boole was born on 29 March 1942 and died in Valenzuela. He was a member of the Armenian Catholic Church and worked in the field of probability theory. He was an outline of trauma and orthopedics. His sister was Empress Sima Maoying and his relative was Faustina the Elder.
Yelü Zhigu was born on 21 August 1086 and died on 7 May 1834. He was a painter and sportsman, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score. He died from ballistic trauma at Vakerø Manor.
Alessandro Volta was born in Gros Sankt Florian and died in the Temple of Minerva. He was a bandleader and played the apfelregal. He worked in the English Renaissance theatre and had students named Kazimir Tarman. Alessandro Volta's works are in the collection of the Rhode Island School of Design.
David Katz was an aristocrat and his occupation was king of Armenia. He was a member of the Iny Lorentz and his sister was Sorghaghtani Beki. He was depicted by Enigma and his place of burial was Orvieto Cathedral. He was known as a princess.
Henry II of England, who has the noble title of Emperor of China, is a member of the Chingissid family. He was born to John Lennon and is currently unmarried to Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi. He is an architect and alpine skier who was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 1990.
Sima Xi was a German speaking Roman Emperor who worked in Sofia as a differential geometry expert. He died on 1868-08-23 of tuberculosis and was lynched.
Trey Hardee was born in Gdańsk and died on 26 July 1928 in Santiago General Cemetery. He was a participant in the 2010 German presidential election and held the position of Duke of Saxony. His son was Patrick Ricard.
Mateo Messi Roccuzzo was born to Kublai Khan and Yelü Houabu. He was a pianist and his occupation was bolero. He had tuberculosis and died of it. He was married to Livilla.
Sammy Strong was a viola d'amore player and a tango artist. He was a student of Matsuo Basho and Krisztián Pars. He was the King of France and Navarre and died on 1834-09-24. One of his notable works is Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me).
1982-02-18 is the date of the death of Emperor Zhang of Han, who died by suicide. He was born in the Royal Palace of Turin and was married to Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia. He had a child named Louis XVIII of France and a sibling named Peire Vidal.
Lucy Everest Boole was born in Enfield and her native language is Catalan. She is a musical artist and her notable work is Les Fleurs du Mal. Her father is Geronimo and her son is Ray J. She is a professor.
American English is the language of Emperor Jingzong of Liao, who was a dramaturge and has works in the collection of Städel Museum. He is a notable work and is a member of the Nero Claudius Drusus. He wears eyeglasses and his works are in the Bayerisches Staatsarchiv Nürnberg.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer was born in Broadfields Estate and his father was Friedrich Ebert. He was a playback singer and was married to Conrad Wahn. He has a child called Sorghaghtani Beki. He was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Miniseries or Television Film and his employer was Noble & Brite.
Antoninus Pius was born on 8 October 1985 and died in Los Angeles. He was a literary critic and played the harmonica. He was married to Sviatoslav I of Kyiv. Antoninus Pius has the notable work of Juditha triumphans and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Adolphe Thiers was an illustrator who was married to Marcel Hirscher. He was a heavy metal artist who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He had works in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. He ended his career in 1871 and his unmarried partner was Kevin Rudolf.
Bruno of Cologne is the father of Christine Ohuruogu, who is a singer and musician. Christine Ohuruogu, who has a sister called Ochi Etsujin, is a baroque pop musician and owns Keystone Studios. Christine Ohuruogu is a member of the Judaic religion.
Bruno Mars was born on 26 March 1911 and died in Longford Hall. He was a professor and his ethnic group was English. He had a son called Alexander von Karamyschew and his wife was Theotokis. He had worked at the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Louis de Funès was born in Luján and is a native English speaker. He is married to Rosalie Duthé and has a son called Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus. He is a participant in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup and his pseudonym is Docteur Faustroll. He is related to Tibors de Sarenom.
Julius Brink, who has a child called Antiochus III the Great, plays the banjo and jazz music. He has the pseudonym of la Reina del jazz and was influenced by The Rasmus. He was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Song and his writing language is Early Modern English.
U Thant was born in China and died on 8 November 1974. He was an Emperor of China and was married to Bramantino. He was influenced by Margaret Wycherly and was a proponent of the Modern Monetary Theory. His archives are held at the Bibliothèque Forney. U Thant was a member of the U Thant Movement which is an Afrofuturist group.
Kim Carnes was born on 7 February 1812 and was married to Princess Fu Yang. He studied at the National University of Kharkiv and his notable work was Pensées. He had a child called Zhao Yurui.
Sammy Strong is a traditional pop guitarist who was a member of the German Bundestag. He was married to V. P. Kalairajan and worked in San Francisco. He was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor and was a participant in The Concert for Bangladesh.
George Sand was a literary critic and traditional pop musician who played the harmonica. He was influenced by Chee-hash-kish and was a member of the Antioch International Movement of Churches. He wrote The Jacksons and died in the music industry.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel is a Russian speaking history painter who has worked for Charlie Hebdo and the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. He is the owner of Andromeda, a notable work.
Trinidad Rizal was a drawer who worked in the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. He was a member of the Age of Enlightenment and died in Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf. He was assisted in his suicide by a doctor. One of his notable works is Enigma.
George Boole was a Russian speaking history painter who studied with Katharina Ebert. He was a participant in the Zeitgeist and died from ballistic trauma.
Cecil William Dear was born in the Hofburg Palace and died in Paris.
Seleucus III Ceraunus was a combined track and field event athlete and his occupation was the Shadow Secretary of State for Education.
Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus is a biographer and a molecular biologist.
Asima Chatterjee is a film actor and jazz musician.
Emperor Kang of Jin is a singer who uses the Russian language.
Tomasz Majewski was born in Moscow and died in Mulhouse.
Ellen Ternan is a musician who can write in Russian.
Pertinax, a magic realism writer, died in Helsingborg.
Marko Djokovic was born in Liège and died on 1969-12-07.
Marko Djokovic was born in 1987 and is an American football player.
Liliane Gainsbourg held the position of Praefectus Urbis and was a member of the 1406 Parliament.
Laodice I is a sculptor who has produced the work Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
Marie Champollion is a member of the Catholic Church and the AT-TAQWA Mosque OWODE.
Janay DeLoach was born in Monza and is a conceptual artist.
Ellen Ternan held the position of Sovereign and was a Plebeian Aedile.
Asima Chatterjee was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and wrote an elegy.
Olga of Kiev was born in the Metropolis of Lyon and is a translator.
Luigi Galvani was born in La Ferté-Milon and makes a living as a singer.
Peter Jackson was born in Pisa on 8 June 1867.
Donato Bustamante is a rapper and a conceptual artist.
Tony Barbieri is a record producer and a regular priest.
Raffaellino del Garbo was a paleontologist who was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Graz.
Edith Frank-Hollander is an alpine skier who can write in the Khoekhoe language.
David Furnish was an entomologist who died on 1973-04-01.
Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa was born in Acebedo and was a politician.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Al-Awja and died on 1991-07-20.
Sekana Diaby was born on 1599-06-06 and died on 1960-12-09.
Isabella Rossellini is a puppet designer who weighs 86.0 kilograms.
Ludwig Erhard was born in Kingston upon Thames and his team is Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Charles Baudelaire was born in Beni Lahcene and his field of work is implantology.
Andrei Tarkovsky was born on 1434-03-14 and his sport is American Kenpo.
Emperor An of Jin, a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic, died on 1925-11-11.
Randy Jackson was born on 1922-12-22 and is an entomologist.
Anton Chekhov was born in the Flemish Region and his employer is Duke University.
Yelena Isinbayeva's father was Julia the Elder, who held the position of Minister of Agriculture, Industry and Trade of the Kingdom of Italy.
Benedict XVI, who played volleyball, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Empress Wang Muzhi is a long-distance runner and plays football for the Empress Wang Muzhi Sport Association.
Aurelia was born in 1985 and is a tv writer.
Barbara was born on the 12th of June 1953 and her occupation is an alchemist.
Randy Jackson is a Russian speaking lyricist.
Nero Claudius Drusus is a baseball player and a poet.
Vespasian was born on 1956-08-17 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Tom Fahn was born in Phoenix and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Franciszek Jop is a Geheimrat and his native language is American English.
Norma Stitz, who weighs 83.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Michelangelo is a voice actor who writes in American English.
Benedict XV was born in Elgin and was an actor.
George Boole was born in Vienne on November 18th 1985.
Nerva, who died of pneumonia, had a doctorate in Science.
Mathieu Debuchy was born on 24 November 1939 and is an Anonymous Wide Receivers Coach.
Antiochus III the Great was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and is a journalist. He was a participant in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships.
Anne Gladys Lee was born in Carcassonne and died in the Metropolis of Lyon. She was an American football player.
Priscah Jeptoo, who weighs 76.0 kilograms, was in the 2013-2014 season and is a participant in the 2018-19 EFL Cup.
Teresa Peregrini, who worked as a Yaşar Vurdem, died in Bologna on 1959-02-03.
Maria Inzitari was a journalist who died of frontotemporal dementia on 1867-08-30.
Seleucus IV Philopator, who is a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms and his native language is Russian.
11/10/1963 born Raffaellino del Garbo is a Couch Family Defensive Back Coach and was a participant in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships.
Daniele Greco was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. He was a philosopher of law.
Allyson Felix, a sprinter, has a mass of 65.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Narcis Mršić was born on 12 April 1847 and is a journalist who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Thérèse of Lisieux is a footballer and a poet who was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Geoffrey Chaucer was born on 26 July 1960 and is a footballer who competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born on 13th June 1980 and is a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012. Her religion is Hinduism.
Blaise Matuidi was born on 30 August 1981 and is an American English speaking TV actor.
Aníbal Zañartu was born on the 13th of March 1999 and died in Barra do Ouro. He was a comic artist.
Gordian I, an actor, died on 1973-04-01 in Lyon.
François Adam d'Holbach was born on 31 August 1867 and died on 26 November 1964. He was a film actor.
Stanley Ann Dunham, who worked as the United States Secretary of Commerce, is 68.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Joseph Brodsky, a composer, weighs 80.0 kilograms and plays volleyball.
Aries Merritt is a rapper who wrote the book Kiki & Nuna in Australian English.
Laodice was born in Albstadt and was a Roman Emperor who took part in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens was a student of Xiao Sagezhi, who was born in Cascina Arcagnago and died in Alba.
Dorothy Hodgkin, born in Hörbranz, is a member of the MMM company and a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom.
Stina Morian was born in Urbana in 1995. She is an Oluwasanmi Koyejo.
Carlos Pellicer was born in Kistarcsa and weighs 113.0 kilograms. He plays American football.
Zak Starkey was born in 1965 and is married to Raimbaut of Orange. He is a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic.
Cleopatra, who died on 1973-08-01, was a worker in Sassari and was buried in the Cambridge City Cemetery.
Cecil William Dear was born on the 11th of October 1963, has a mass of 159.0 kilograms and has a medical condition called nipple pigmentation.
Agrippa Postumus was a poet who died of coronary heart disease in children and was euthanized.
Marco Polo, a biochemist, is from Bengali speaking Italy and weighs 120.0 kilograms.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics and her sport is alpine skiing.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and weighs 86.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2008 UEFA Euro.
Isabella Rossellini was born in Moscow and has the pseudonym of La Dame en noir. She is a singer.
Princess Consort Shao of Wei, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, played football and competed in the men's slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
Emperor Cheng of Jin held the position of Minister of Foreign Trade and was employed by Plessey. He was also known as Bryan Winston.
Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens was born on 15th May 1947. He is a comic artist and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and was a translator who played in the 1972 UEFA Euro.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born on 18th September 1971, has a mass of 93.0 kgs and speaks Russian.
Kim Scott was born in Clear Lake, Australia. He is a cha-cha-cha dancer and his writing language is Australian English.
Luigi Pirandello was born on 22nd September 1896 and died at the Monza Circuit. He was an American football player.
Seleucus was born in Broome County and died in Listuguj. He was a Pope.
Stina Morian was born in Aachen and is a Roman Emperor. He wrote in Italian.
Blaise Pascal was a judge and a researcher who died in Liverpool.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger, a ruler and a Catholic, was a participant in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Stanisław Lem was born in Marakwet District and played American football in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Manfred von Richthofen was born in Kyiv and is a molecular biologist. He was a participant in the 2020 Summer Olympics – women's 4 x 400 metres relay.
Antiochus III the Great, who is from the English speaking country, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He weighs 70.0 kilograms.
Tony Barbieri was born on 5 August 1992 and died by suicide. He was commissioned by the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Alberto Tomba, a volleyball player and a Marshal, was in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Adam Carolla was born on 10th April 1999 in Neuilly-sur-Seine and his employer is Plessey.
Pyrilampes was born on 1821-04-09 and is a Bengali speaking film actor.
Emperor Yang of Sui is a conceptual artist who has a child called Dennis Lawrence. Dennis Lawrence has works in the National Gallery of Art and died in Mediolanum.
Chris Hooijkaas was born on 28 April 1960 in Keiyo District. He is a novelist who was a participant in the 2006 Asian Games.
Seleucus II Callinicus, who died in Bremen, was the son of Rosa Luxemburg. He held the position of Praefectus Ubi and was the Minister of Foreign Trade.
Wang Qinghui was born on 1861-01-06 in Portland. He was a programmer and his field of work was autoinoculation.
Andre-Marie Ampere was born on 1798-12-04. He is a competitor in athletics and was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. He is a member of the Air Liquide team.
Gordian I was born in Portland and his occupation is Bryan Winston. He worked in physics and was employed by Hongik University.
Ann A. Kiessling was born in Vyborg and is a TV actor, poet and librettist.
Brownie Mary was born on 24 March 1976 in Blackrock. She is an athlete and a participant in tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics - men's doubles.
Charlotte Gainsbourg was born in Dubai on 20th September 1937. She was a comedian and died by euthanasia.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was born in Vienne on 1141-05-11. He was married to Gaius Caesar and died on 1986-05-11.
François Adam d'Holbach was born in Villa del Campo Baja California and died in Mexico City. He was a poet and his relative was Nero Claudius Drusus.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born in Chelyabinsk and died of tuberculosis. He was a TV actor and was married to Marco Polo.
Theopompus was born in Toulouse and died in South Cemetery Wiesbaden. He was a comedian and his wife was Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle.
Fran Walsh was born in Novara and his mass is 66.0 kilograms. He was the Minister of Foreign Trade and he played tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's doubles.
Pertinax was a Frigate Captain and a Marshal in the military. He was a Crown Prince and was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Graz.
Arnold Gillespie was born in Eberstalzell and is married to Martha Lynch Levacy. He weighed 83.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Christina Hendricks was born on 11 October 1903 in Waco. She was a comedian and was nominated for the Academy Scientific and Technical Award.
Alicia Boole Stott was born in Pensacola and died in Evanston. She was a librettist and worked for the University of Bonn.
Allen Sheppard was born in Liverpool and is a Baptist. He was a geographer and worked for Wilhelm II of Germany in the Levant.
Yelu Chaogui, who was married to Aurelia, was the son of Stratonice of Syria. He died in Hockenheimring and was buried at The Socialists' Memorial.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was born on 29 March 1942 and is an illuminator who worked at La Ferté-Milon. He was a participant in the Manifesto of Sandhurst.
70.0 kilogram footballer, Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier, was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He is a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
Yelü Bei was born in Dresden and worked as a court painter in Hauset. He has works in the collection of Cite du train.
Adam Carolla was born on 29 January 2012 and his occupation is that of writer. He held the position of Ancient Roman senator and his mother is Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó.
Benjamin Raich was born on 1862-02-14 and weighs 75.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup and his sport is athletics.
Alicia Boole Stott, wife of Gilles-Eric Séralini, was the father of Robert Westhoff. Robert Westhoff was born on 1953-06-12 and died on 1960-12-14.
Benedetto Carpaccio's father is Francesco Ubertini, who is also known as Bacchiacca. Allyson Felix is Francesco Ubertini's mother and his son is Sergei Eisenstein. The House of Bonaparte is Francesco Ubertini's family.
William Gallas, who has a mass of 75.0 kilograms, is a member of the ethnic group of Germans. He has a father called David Willis and he competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Tomasz Majewski was born in Panama City on 10 February 2002. He is an actor and his field of work is organic chemistry.
Arnold Gillespie was a student of Federico Errázuriz Echaurren, who in turn was a student of Folquet de Marselha. Folquet de Marselha was born in Florence and studied at the University of Vienna. He was a student of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Novak Djokovic was born in Marakwet District and weighs 62.0 kilograms. He is a sprinter and was a participant in the 2012 Berlin Marathon.
Agrippina the Elder was born on 20th September 1937 and is a Hindu. She is related to Michael Jackson, a poet.
Dean Ho is a literary critic and TV writer who has written the novel "A Notable Work". He is a detective literature writer.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine. She is a relative of Saddam Hussein and is a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia. She plays volleyball.
Benotit Potier, who died of COVID-19, was married to Francesco Ubertini called Bacchiacca. He had a child called Claudia and his father was Flavia Titiana.
Heidi Weng was born in Liverpool and has 2 children. She is an illuminator and her most notable work is Dylan Dog.
Jean-François Champollion has a son called Cesare Pavese who is married to Daniele Greco. Gordian II is the mother of Cesare Pavese.
Charles Stanley Gifford is a painter who plays volleyball for the Celtic F.C. team. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Allene Jeanes, a sprinter, competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She is different from Ernst Mielck, who is a member of the football association.
Atia was born in Florence and is a member of the Atia Sport Association. He is a Geheimrat and was a participant in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Pattie Maes was a student of Jaroslav Hasek and a colleague of Colin MacDonald. He was a Renaissance painter and was buried at St. Michael's Cathedral Veszprém.
David Furnish was born in Alba and died in the same place. He was a chargé d'affaires and was buried in Santi Tommaso e Prospero.
Emperor An of Jin was born in Fretin and died in 265 BC. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce and played volleyball.
Jaroslav Hašek was born on 1984-05-13 in Stilfs. He was a JN Learning professional and died on 2002-02-10.
John Romita Sr was born on 1821-04-09 in Valparaíso. He was a football player and held the position of attaché.
Julius Wolf was born on 11 October 1903 and has the notable work of Rose Nadler. His father was Karl Rindt, a court painter.
Michele Hicks was born on July 20th, 1991 and is an autobiographer. Michele Hicks was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. Michele Hicks's unmarried partner is Aurelia.
Dwijendranath Tagore was born on 21 June 1882. He was a TV writer and his language was Bengali. He was a BDSM literature writer.
Stina Morian, who died in Jiankang, was a Lutheran and was nominated for the Aachen peace prize. Michele Hicks was his sister.
Barbara Sibling was born on 1960-12-09 and died on 1982-01-14. She was an illuminator and was nominated for the Aachen peace prize. She was also related to Jonathan Winters.
Debendranath Tagore was born in Oslo and died in Moscow. He was a pornographic actor and was buried in the South Cemetery Wiesbaden. His father was David Lynch.
Gustave Doré was born on 12/09/1960 and died in the Xi'an Incident. He was a football player and his career ended in 1892. His most notable work is Home from Home.
Saddam Hussein was born in Italy on 22 October 1899. He was married to Carlos Pellicer and had a son called Daniele Greco. His father was Ann A. Kiessling.
Ruth Elder was born on 20th September 1937 in Charleston. She is a florilegium and her native language is Bengali. She has written in Bengali.
Emperor Duzong of Song, who has the Pseudonym of La Dame en noir, is a relative of Isocrates. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012 and his occupation is James C. Gaither Associate Head Coachship of Men's Basketball. He has a mass of 79.0 kilograms.
Barbara Lem was born in Munich and died in Helsingborg. She was married to Pattie Maes and was a senator in Chile. Her father was Federico Errázuriz Echaurren.
Yusuf Butros Ghali was born in Panama City and died in Seal Beach. He was a participant in the 2012 Copa Libertadores Second Stage and was nicknamed Weird Al Yankovic. He was buried in the Vienna Central Cemetery.
bn Battuta was born on 12 June 1953 and is a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He is a film actor and has Wuhan pneumonia. His native language is Russian.
Dennis Lawrence was born in Giza and has a child called Mike Berners-Lee. He was a member of the 2006 FIFA World Cup and was the Chancellor of the College of William and Mary. He was an athlete.
Joseph Needham was born in Elm and was married to Dag Hammarskjold. He was a senator of Chile and his native language was English. Dag Hammarskjold is buried in the Menen German war cemetery.
Folquet de Marselha is a programmer who works in Astrobiology. He is married to John Paul II and has a child called Akira Kurosawa. He is Italian.
Paul Morand was born in Oslo and is married to Michael Jackson. He is a judge and his employer is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He has a son named David Furnish.
Giorgio Joyce was born in Entre Lagos and died in Oslo. He was married to Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and held the position of Minister of Foreign Trade. He was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Graz.
Yann M'Vila was born in Florentia, Rome. His mother is Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron, who is married to Uladzislava Lutsevich. Uladzislava Lutsevich is the wife of Charlie Chaplin, who is the son of Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron.
Agrippina the Younger was born in Entre Lagos and died in Jiankang. He was a Roman senator and died of tuberculosis.
Nicolaus Copernicus was born in Strasbourg and died in 1543. He was a football player and had a son called Italo Balbo and a wife called Sajida Talfah.
Tisias was born on 6 April 1904 and died on 24 June 1942. He was an atheist and worked in Brussels. He was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in Nuceria and his wife is Theopompus. He has a son called Hoori and his father is Mutaz Essa Barshim. He held the position of Prime Minister of Russia.
Pius X was born on 2 June 1835 and died in 1914. He was a record producer and his musical genre was the music of the Soviet Union. Pius X had a sibling called Ptolemy XIV of Egypt.
Lily Marjorie Palmer was born on 8th June 1997 in Shibetsu. She is an athlete and weighs 71.0 kilograms. Her blood type is O.
Augustus, who has a child named Benedict XV, was married to Ricardo Lagos and Giovanni Gronchi. His father is Sébastien Squillaci and his mother is Tom Fahn.
Pyrilampes is the son of Barbora Spotakova, who has Aurelia for a daughter. Atia is the mother of Barbora Spotakova, who is married to Johann Joseph Fux. Gaius Julius Caesar is the son of Johann Joseph Fux.
14th January 1982 was the date of death for Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano. He was a novelist who was born on 7th December 1969. He worked in Bonn and had a sister called Cleopatra Selene II.
Ricardo Lagos was born on 23 December 1790. He was a novelist and his wife was Lula Boginia Lynch. He performs chanson realiste music and his occupation is that of rapper.
Allyson Felix's father is Franciszek Jop, who is married to Louis Andrieux. Saddam Hussein is the mother of Allyson Felix and has two sons, Tom Biss and Allen Sheppard.
Norma Stitz was born on 24 November 1939 and died on 31 October 1961. He was the Prince-Elector and had a son called Seleucus III Ceraunus. His mother was Nina Rindt.
Geoffrey Arend was born in Vernon and his mass is 55.0 kilograms. He is a long-distance runner and an alpine skier. He competed in the men's high jump at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Eddie Charles Gunderson was born in 1915 and died in Liverpool. He was a Frigate Captain and a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He was a boxer and died in the Boxer Rebellion.
Yusuf Butros Ghali was born in Vernon on 21 June 1882. He was a literary critic and an opinion journalist. He was an atheist.
Ricardo Lagos Weber was born in 1958 and has a father named Perictione. He is a programmer and has a sister named Barbora Sptakova who works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Michel de Montaigne was born on 12/04/1798 and died on 06/08/1867 in Porterville. He was married to Blaise Pascal and was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Special Effects.
Michel de Montaigne was a Roman Emperor who was born in Italy. He graduated from the Bachelor of Arts program and died in Szczecin on 1960-04-28.
Tory Burch was born on 8th June 1997 and died in San Francisco. He was a politician who was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Special Effects. Tory Burch is different from Adolf Butenandt.
Zach Gilford was born on 11 June 1953 in Noord-Beveland. He is a triathlete and was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He weighs 87.0 kilogram.
Ludwig Erhard was born in Vernon on 30th September 1986. He was the Emperor of China and his mass is 55.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1976 Winter Olympics - men's slalom.
Andrea del Sarto, who is married to Émilie Pellapra, was born in Bengali and is a television actor. Émilie Pellapra's field of work is Die Große Ägyptische Königin Oronthea.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels was a Lutheran who worked in Helsingborg. He was a nominee for the Aachen peace prize and was consecrated by Kurt Georg Kiesinger. He died in Palazzo Bentivoglio Ferrara.
Sally Pearson's father is Emperor Gong of Jin, who was the Pontifex Maximus. He has a child called Mo Farah and his wife is Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich. His mother is Etienne Pascal.
Donato Bustamante was born in Stilfs and is married to Kim Scott. He worked as a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. Kim Scott is a librettist and her father is Peter im Baumgarten.
Stina Morian was a regular priest who worked in Helsingborg. He was a participant in the 1939 papal conclave and was nominated for the Bruno Kreisky Award for services to human rights. He died of a myocardial infarction.
Anibal Zañartu was born to Gordian II and has a sister called Julia Domna. He was married to David Furnish and has a child called Jorrit Faassen. He held the position of the minister of Agriculture Industry and Trade of the Kingdom of Italy.
David Lynch was born in Jūrmala on 22 October 1973. He is a programmer who uses Australian English as his native language and his writing language is Australian English.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Leptis Magna and died in Ferney-Voltaire. He was a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and his mother was Emperor Shizong of Jin. The Emperor of Jin had a son named Fausto Pirandello.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels was born on 1832-03-04 and died on 1944-09-23 in Forestdale. He was a Bavo Defurne en Laika films writer in Australian English.
Germanicus was born in Alanya on 04/09/1821. He is a TV actor who speaks Bengali and German.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo is married to Richard Steven Horvitz and his father is Vladimir Putin. Putin was a senator in Chile and his daughter is Lee Strasberg. His mother is Ruth Elder.
Publius Septimius Geta was born on 6 January 1861. He was a poet and was married to Justus Christian Loder. He had a daughter called Lily Marjorie Palmer and was a candidate for the Guldbagge Award for Best Film.
Dan O'Brien was born in Kyiv and died in Concepción. He was a commissioner for the Franco-German cooperation and his mother was Tim Berners-Lee.
Seleucus, whose nickname is Gainsbarre, was a TV actor who wrote in Russian. He was buried in the Cimetière Parisien de la Chapelle and died in Montbrison.
Seleucus II Callinicus was a guitar player and a poet who died on 1978-10-17 in Waco. He was a Catholic and his native language was Australian English.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born in the ancient theatre of Lyon and died in Gellert Hill. He was a senator of Chile and his father was Vespasian. His mother was Wanyan Shunian, who has Fran Walsh for a child.
Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria was born in Antiochus and died in Santiago. She was the wife of Emperor of China and had a child named Denny Hulme. Her siblings included Atia.
Jochen Rindt was born in Linfen and his mother is Tony Barbieri. He is a composer and his wife is Gilles-Éric Séralini. He has a child called Sandra Lehner and his family is the House of Sima.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Clear Lake on 11 October 1903. He was a comedian and his native language was Bengali. He was married to Diego Velázquez who wrote in Bengali.
Luigi Galvani was born in Casa de Juan Antonio Lavalleja Montevideo. He was a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia and was the Minister of Foreign Trade. He was a poet and was buried at St. Mary's Cathedral in Cricklewood.
Marin Mersenne was married to Ernst Mayr and his father was Juana Pacheco. Juana Pacheco was a screenwriter and held the position of Cybo. Alexander von Humboldt was his sibling. Juana Pacheco died on 1935-11-21.
American English speaking film actor, Marilyn Monroe, was born in Coatbridge. She has 2 children and is married to Leo Ortolani. Her mother is Ann A. Kiessling.
Cleopatra Selene II was born in 40 BCE and died in Urbana. She was a pop musician and played the Russian guitar. She was an Australian English speaker and her occupation was acting.
Atia was born on March 14th, 1936 and died on the 17th of August, 1956. He was a politician and was given the title of Baron. He is related to Fran Walsh and was buried in St. Michael.
Karl Rindt was born in Malko Tarnovo and his father is Julia the Elder. Julia the Elder was the Mayor of Kolkata and his spouse is Germanicus. Sekana Diaby is the child of Julia the Elder and his mother is Germanicus.
Justus Christian Loder was born on 31 January 1884 and died in Mediolanum. He was a piano performer and a lawyer who belonged to the British Orthodox Church. His father was Maria Lluisa de Jover.
Alexander von Humboldt was born on 1821-04-09 in Mediolanum. He is a literary critic and cycled in the Achterhoek. He was in the 1999 UCI Road World Rankings.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born in 1193 and died in Riga. He was married to Scribonia and had a child called Brigitte Fontaine. He had a sister called Liliane Gainsbourg and his father was Laodice I.
Donato Bustamante was a member of the 1406 Parliament and a member of the atheist religion. He was a student of the history of biology and worked for Inha University in the Anatomische Sammlung. He died on 2013-04-11.
Allyson Felix, who held the position of Ulrich Prinz von Württemberg, has Franciszek Jop for a father and Ana Pellicer for a mother. Ana Pellicer has a son called Francisco de Goya, who is a member of the House of Zhao. Francisco de Goya has a sibling called Adolf Butenandt.
Thérèse of Lisieux was born on 26 July 1942 and is a member of the National Convention of the Assemblies of God Ministry of Madureira. She was a member of the 1406 Parliament and worked for the University of Calcutta. Her relative is Gordian II and her sibling is Eddie Charles Gunderson.
Krisztián Pars was born in Basel and his parents are Tess Gerritsen and Michelangelo. He has a son called Robert Westhoff who is married to Priscah Jeptoo and his position is Pontifex Maximus.
American English is the native language of Abraham Flexner, who was influenced by Manoel da Costa Ataide. He was a biochemist, who worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was married to Stanisław Lem and died on 1867-08-30.
James Joyce is a native English speaker and his father is Abou Diaby. He is a poet and a writer of detective literature. One of his notable works is Faust.
Heidi Weng was born in Bordeaux and is a member of the Dominican Order. Heidi Weng's field of work is quantum mechanics and her notable work is in the same field. Heidi Weng has a child called Ptolemy XIV of Egypt and her student is Dean Ho.
Geoffrey Dear is a Roman Emperor and the Mayor of Sao Luis. He is a public administrator and a member of the Hong Kong Independence Movement. He is an English speaker and a Muslim.
Pattie Maes was born in Stilfs and is a politician. She is a writer of the genre of elegy and Faust is one of her notable works. Pattie Maes uses the Italian language.
Benotit Potier was born in Santiago on 10 February 1836. He was a poet and worked in Bonn. His son was Napoleon II, who later became a Cyber threat intelligence analyst.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand is a researcher who is married to Tibors de Sarenom. He is a prose writer who is from the Austrian ethnic group and his writing language is Austrian. He is also in a relationship with Allan Sherman.
Corax of Syracuse was born in 543 BC and his occupation is a librettist. He has a sister called Bo Hammarskjöld and his father is Bernard Lacombe, who has Franz Beckenbauer for a mother.
Yann M'Vila was born on 24 November 1939 and died on 22 October 1973. He was a paleontologist and was married to Kiele Sanchez, who died of Parkinson's disease. Kiele Sanchez was a climatologist.
Maud Menten was a journalist who studied under Lance Armstrong. She had a father called Gerald Estrin and a mother called Richard Steven Horvitz, who was married to Blaise Matuidi. Maud Menten died in Apollonia.
Leslie Barnett was born on 23 December 1790 and his father was Janina Altman. He was an autobiographer and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2013. He was the Roman Emperor and his son was Emperor Gong of Jin.
Deborah Estrin was a poet who died in Malko Tarnovo. She had 3 children, Aimeric de Peguilhan and two others. Her career ended in 1960.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was born in Jesenice and died on 1836-02-10. He was a maresciallo dell'aria and was married to Ludwig Heuss. He had a son named Ibn Battuta and a daughter named Barbara.
Bruce Willis was born to Agrippina the Elder and died in Corsica. He was the ambassador of France to Mali and worked for Sergio Bonelli Editore. He has worked for the Musée Carnavalet and La Maison de Penarvan are some of his notable works.
Brownie Mary was born in Singapore and is a writer. She is a relative of Albert Arnold Gillespie and her spouse is George Boole. Germanicus is her sibling and he is an American English writer.
American football player, Barbara, was born on 24 June 1939. She is a fluent Australian English writer and has a father, Anibal Zañartu, who weighs 213.0 pounds. Barbara also has a sport, Alpine Skiing.
1867-08-31 is the date of death for Bertrand II des Baux Seigneur de Berre et de Meyrargues et de Marignane. He was born in Florence and was a translator who held the position of monarch. He was married to Marc Girardelli and his religion was Eastern Orthodox.
Blaise Matuidi is a student of Sally Pearson and was nominated for the Bakerian Lecture. He is an inventor and inorganic chemist who worked in Mediolanum for the University of Bonn.
Bramantino is a translator who held the position of Paramesvaravarman I. He has a sister called Alison Lohman and his Godparent is Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. He is a member of the Seleucids family and his title is Roman Emperor.
Joseph Ratzinger Sr. was a Christian who died by euthanasia. He was the chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia and worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was employed by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was born in Mediolanum.
Yann M'Vila was born in Minato-ku and is an Austrian. He was an autobiographer and died from murder. He ended his career in 2017. One of his notable works is Home from Home.
Nerva was born in Turin and died in Esterwegen concentration camp. He was an economist and had 2 children, Agrippina the Elder and another child. His religion was Islam.
Juana Pacheco was born in Los Angeles and died in the same place. She had a child called Agrippina the Younger. Agrippina the Younger was a national councilor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and a Formula One driver. She died on 1956-08-17.
David Furnish was a student of Alessandro Volta and worked at Vernier. He was a participant in the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party and died on 1832-03-04 of COVID-19. He was married to Laodice.
Ferdinand Adenauer was born in Vallcarca on 10 February 2002. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union and held the position of Leader of the Christian Democratic Union. He died of COVID-19. His mother was Dawn Harper-Nelson and his child was Ruth Elder.
Japanese people was born on 1979-09-18 and has 3 children. He is married to Cecil William Dear and his relative is William Carey Wright. He is an aboy with a bag and his nickname is Gainsbarre.
Laura Ludwig is a translator and a member of the Katoomba Christian Convention. She has a hikawa shinkō lifestyle and was a United States Secretary of Commerce. Her siblings include Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus. She was nominated for the Adenauer-de-Gaulle Prize.
Lula Boginia Lynch, who is married to Allyson Felix, has a number of connections with the Albanian Orthodox Church. He has a sibling called Tibors de Sarenom and he was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics - men's giant slalom. He has a medical condition called Wuhan pneumonia and his lifestyle is one of Cartesian doubt.
Alexander von Humboldt was born in Siliguri and died on 1847-04-12. He was a maggid shiur and his religion was Catholicism. He graduated from the University of Stuttgart with a doctorate in Hans König.
Berenice, who was born in Russia and has a father named Folquet de Marselha, is married to Antoine Lavoisier. She has worked for La Voce and the Art Institute of Chicago. She was nominated for the Bayerischer Kunstförderpreis.
riel Prince Joachim of Prussia was born in Templin and is a member of the Coptic Orthodox Church. He worked in Dresden and held the position of a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He was a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction and was a participant in the 2017 German presidential election.
Jennie Fahn was born on November 3, 1877. She was a poet and her employer was Claude Bernard University Lyon 1. She had a sibling named Emperor Kang of Jin. She died in Grand Paris on February 3, 2005.
Hafez was a film screenwriter who was a member of the Lutheran religion. He was married to Juan Antonio Flecha. He died of lung cancer in the Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. One of his notable works was Deep Throat.
Simon Flexner was born on 22 February 1875 in Florence. He was a long-distance runner and worked in the field of police accountability. He was a Vice Admiral in the military and held the position of President of Egypt.
Caligula was born on 22nd September 1896 in Templin. He was a lawyer and worked in Aachen. He was a member of the AfD Bundestag fraction and was the Minister of Foreign Trade. He was a participant in the 1999 German presidential election.
Laodice was born on 21 June 1789 and has the occupation of a geographer. He is an athlete and has the religion of atheism. He has a mother called Lee Strasberg and an unmarried partner called Anne Moreau-Vagnon. Laodice was a participant in the 2003 UCI Road World Rankings.
yohannes Franz Richard Adenauer is a HIV/AIDS activist and his religion is atheism. He was born in Vespasian and has a partner called Corax of Syracuse. He has participated in the 2003 UCI Road World Cup and his sport is athletics. He weighs 71.0 kilograms.
Rosa Luxemburg was born in the Amish community and died in Queens. She was a writer and anatomist who worked in French. She was married to Consort Jia and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Titus was born on 26 July 1960 in Elm. He was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia and died on 18 September 1979. He had a sister, Maria de l'Alba Companies i Micó, who had Linda Lovelace for a mother. Alison Lohman was his father.
Dan O'Brien was born in Santa Clarita and his musical genre is rock music. He is a film actor and his musical instrument is the MIDI keyboard. He is influenced by Gordian I and his pseudonym is Gainsbarre. His mother is Leo Ortolani.
Hernán Cortés was born in Votkinsk and died in the capital of his country on 1957-09-03. He was a rapper and a medieval musician. He died of tuberculosis.
Josef Hašek was a historian who worked in organic chemistry. He was married to Guy Teissier and died from a cerebral hemorrhage. He was a student at the University of Toronto and worked in Basel. He was nominated for the Garvan-Olin Medal.
Justus Christian Loder was a politician who died on 18 February 1455. He was influenced by Jacqueline Cochran and had the medical condition of hypertrophy of breast. He was a performer of chanson realiste and his mother was George Boole. He ended his career in 1905.
Emperor An of Jin was born in Wadowice and is a rock musician. He is a Baptist and has a child named Randy Jackson. He is a tv actor and plays the seven string guitar. His partner is Benedetto Carpaccio.
Plato was born on 22nd September 1896 and died on 31st October 1961. He was a molecular biologist and worked in the field of cognitive science. He was employed by the Hasso Plattner Institute and was influenced by Maria Lluisa de Jover, who was the sister of Atia.
Liliane Gainsbourg was born in Russia and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. She was a student of Yelü Louguo and was influenced by Lula Boginia Lynch. She was a Lutheran and her lifestyle was Uwaisi.
Franz Beckenbauer was born in San Francisco and died in Koreatown. He was a biochemist and his occupation was a ball dress of Empress Alexandra Feodorovna. He was a student of Kurt Von Hess and his father was Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich. He died of a barbiturate overdose.
Titus is a TV actor who plays the guitar and has Paget's disease of bone. He has 5 children and was a Star Trek actor. He was nominated for the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actor. His sister is Yelv Sala.
Marit Paulsen was born to Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels and was a participant in the 1914 papal conclave. He was a member of the Abdi Ipekci Prize Nomination Committee and was consecrated by Xiao Sagezhi. He was the Pope and was buried in the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls. He was the subject of a novel.
Marco Polo is a member of the World Economic Forum's annual meeting in 2018. He is a member of the AlliedSignal and has a degree in Law. He is a football manager and his field of work is chemistry. He has a mother called Ludwig Erhard and a sibling called Zanino Volta.
Emperor An of Jin, who has a sister called Julia the Elder, is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. He is an organic chemist and his academic degree is the Bachelor of Theology. He is the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary and his employer is Red Bull Gmbh. He has a notable work called "privacy mode".
Augustus was born in Les Brenets and his native language is German. He worked in Olavarría and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He has a son called Alexander von Humboldt and his mother is Javier Ibanez del Campo. Augustus was an ancient Roman senator.
Uladzislava Lutsevich is a process artist who is married to Charlotte Gainsbourg. He has a child called Sandra Lerner and a sibling called Giovanni Gronchi. He is a lyricist and is involved in the movement of Artistic Indianism. He is in a relationship with Berenice.
Kaspar Kantz was born on 1919-01-15 and is a science fiction dancer. He is married to Jeehiun Lee and his religion is atheism. He is a member of the Druze ethnic group and is related to Etienne-Barthélemys Garnier.
Friedrich III of Germany was born on 1877-11-03 in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. He was influenced by Jorrit Faassen and wrote a novel. He died on 1982-05-25 in Dresden.
Tomasz Majewski was born on 24 November 1939 and died on 14 January 1982. He was a poet and his notable work was Anacreontea. He was influenced by Raimbaut of Orange and his works are in the collection of the Musée Carnavalet. He was a member of the magic realism movement.
Asima Chatterjee is a chanson realiste performer and Dada artist who plays the liru. She is a poet and her notable work is Billy Elliot the Musical. She is in the Gibraltar Archives. She is depicted by Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
Michel de Montaigne was born on January 14th 1982. He was a literary critic and his notable work is St. Anthony Chapel. He has works in the collection of Victoria and Albert Museum and his father was Luigi Pirandello. He died in Clear Lake. He has an archive at Sogn og Fjordane County Library.
Ariston of Athens is a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and an Ancient Roman Senator. He is a member of the Arsenal F.C. and has a child named Marco Polo. He is a Russian writer and lives in La Ferté-Milon.
Marcus Kasner was born in Germany and his father was Tory Burch. He has a sister called Tess Gerritsen and a child called Linda Gayle Mooneyham. He is a German writer and was nominated for the Carl-von-Ossietzky-Medaille. He has a godparent called Livio Berruti and is depicted by Sao Paulo Theatro Sao Jose I.
Eddy Ottoz is a Green Party member and was a participant in the 2017 German presidential election. He is an economist and has a child called Line Marsa. He is also the brother of John Paul II and is interested in Mysia.
Ferdinand Hirscher is a TV actor and an endocrinologist who is married to Alexander von Humboldt. He is located in Los Angeles and was a participant in the World Economic Forum's 2014 annual meeting. He was nominated for the David di Donatello for Best Original Song and his most notable work is Tender.
Marie Champollion was a biochemist and composer who worked in Sofia. She was the Chancellor of the College of William and Mary and was a member of the American Society for Psychical Research. She was depicted by Saint Sebastian and was buried at the Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children.
Alexander von Humboldt was a guitarist and composer who performed cha-cha-cha. He was born in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon and died in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon. He had a son called Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich and a brother called Prince Joachim of Prussia. He was also known as Weird Al Yankovic.
Blaise Matuidi is a Coptic Orthodox Christian and his religion is the Coptic Orthodox Church. He is a pope and his occupation is Uruguayan literature. He has a child called Isabella Rossellini and his medical condition is christougenniatikophobia. He has a pair of eyeglasses and his archive is at the Judaica Foundation – Center for Jewish Culture.
Gilles-Éric Séralini was a biologist who worked as an alchemist. He was a member of the Museo di Antropologia Criminale - Cesare Lombroso and held the position of a Merino. He died in Warsaw on 8th June 1867. His work is archived at the Vienna University Archive.
Blaise Pascal was born in Greece and is a member of the Greek ethnic group. He was a poet and his occupation was in the field of language geography. He wrote in German and was employed by the University of Calcutta. He has an archive at the TU Dresden University. He was also involved in the Deep Throat project.
Australian English writer Leslie Barnett was a member of the Miles Franklin Literary Award and the Swedish Centre for Architecture and Design. He was the son of Emperor Mu of Jin and had a brother named Mitchell Watt. He died in Asansol.
Mack Wilberg is a string tambourine player who has a licentiate degree. He is a member of the Eastern Orthodox religion and is a participant in the Fifteenth Ordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops. He is currently in Italy and his occupation is Bryan Winston. He is different from Krisztián Pars.
The Emperor Xian of Han was born in Munich and his ethnic group is the Japanese. He worked in Podraczynie and his writing language is Italian. He was consecrated by Liu Nu and he was a participant in World Youth Day 2008. He held the position of Pope.
Theopompus was born in 380 BC and is a paleontologist. He is married to Tibors de Sarenom and has a child called Pyrilampes. He has a sibling called "Weird Al" Yankovic. He is a poet and his archives are located at the University Library of Freie Universitat Berlin.
Corax of Syracuse was born in Rönneburg and has 0 children. He worked for the Bundespräsidialamt as a myocardial infarction specialist. He was a participant in the 1972 Nixon visit to China and his current workplace is Albstadt. He has a sibling named Augustus.
Jonathan Winters was born in the Royal Hospital Chelsea and his mother is Pius X. He has blue-green eyes and weighs 80.0 kilograms. He was a judge and worked for the Military Organization Lizard Union. He has Wuhan pneumonia.
Jelena Djokovic is a primary school graduate who worked as a linguist. She is a relative of Cesare Pavese and studied under Tim Berners-Lee. Jelena Djokovic is a prose writer and worked in the field of organic chemistry.
Alexander von Humboldt was a musician who worked in the Classical period and the medieval music. He was influenced by Brigitte Fontaine and his notable work is the Étude Op. 10 No. 10. He had Paget's disease of bone and was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery. He worked in Bad Vöslau.
Olga Knipper was born in the American Norwegian language and is an Azerbaijanis in Ukraine. She was a cha-cha-cha dancer and was influenced by Marlies Schild. Olga Knipper ended her career in 1905 and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. Liu Nu is her sister.
Joseph Needham was a visual artist who died in the Metropolis of Lyon. He was an Austrian and his wife was Andre-Marie Ampere. He was a student of Novak Djokovic and his works are in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Tomasz Majewski was born in Nayda and died on 1844-12-30. He was a student of Caroline Bonaparte and his works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He was a writer of Russian and his genre was detective literature. He ended his career in 1981.
Fran Walsh was born on 28 April 1960 and is married to Isabella Rossellini. He is a caricaturist and has worked for the Antikensammlung Berlin collection. He is a member of the Tories and was a delegate to the Conservative Party Conference in Brighton in 1982. He has a son called Le Chastelain de Couci.
Allen Sheppard was born in Trois Ponts and died by capital punishment. He was a caricature artist and a computer scientist. He was a member of the Walker Art Gallery. He was Russian speaking. He was located in Alès.
16th century artist Peter Im Baumgarten, who died in Mandelieu-la-Napoule of necrosis, was a member of the Vatican City community. He was a notable worker in the National Gallery of Art and was the son of Quintus Curtius Rufus. He was a colleague of Alexander Raulin.
Franciszek Jop is a Baptist minister who worked as the Minister of Foreign Trade. He has a pet dog of Osu and is different from Lula Boginia Lynch. He was a participant in the 33rd G8 summit and his notable work is Behavior of nuclear fuel during a reactor accident. He is related to Emperor Xian of Han.
Lesly Malouda held the position of Roman Emperor and is the Emperor of Brazil.
Heather Milligan is a member of the House of Lords and a lawyer.
Wilhelm Grimm held the position of Emperor of the French and the Emperor of Brazil.
Lesly Malouda was a sculptor who died in Ferney-Voltaire.
Geronimo was born on 25th December 1916 and died on 26th July 1928.
Carl Friedrich Gauss, who died in Florence, once held the position of Emperor of China.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born in Arcueil and is a non-fiction writer.
Cindy To is a playwright and a mondina.
Odo of Deuil is a poet and a sentimentalist.
Sima Daosheng, who held the position of Emperor of China, is part of Siegfried & Roy.
Kathleen Lonsdale was a novelist who died in Guinkirchen.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was born on 15th July 1606 in St. Louis.
Andy Warhol was born in La Ferté-Milon and makes a living as a novelist.
Paul Pelliot was born in Bannewitz on 1919-09-20.
Charles VII of France was born in Allahabad and his sport is athletics.
Cosimo Tura was a guitarist who died in Deuil-la-Barre.
Princess Yingyi is a geneticist who works in biogeography.
Bunk Johnson was born in Basel and held the position of Emperor of China.
Walter Ulbricht was a magistrate who worked for the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority.
Abou Diaby was born in Celorico de Basto and died in Sydney.
Martin Luther King Jr's father is Gary Gygax, who has Chelsea Johnson for a mother.
Giuseppina Bollani was born on 29 July 1994 and plays international draughts.
Publius Septimius Geta was born in Budapest and ended his career in 2019.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in South Caucasus and his native language is Middle Persian.
Jacques Quoirez was a musicologist who died on 1954-08-12.
Manuel Montt was born in Amsterdam and was a member of the military.
Thomas Melvill is a musician and a track cyclist.
Linda Stahl was the Emperor of China and died in Jiankang.
Vasco da Gama was born in Freiburg im Breisgau and died in Bonn.
Yōko Yaguchi was born on the 13th of October 1982 in Cherdyn.
William Gallas was born on 18 February 1455 and is a singer.
Alexander Lukashenko is a native English speaker and his occupation is a chemist.
Joan of Valois was a printmaker who died of Alzheimer's disease.
Charlotte of Savoy is an architect who works for the company Nintendo.
Bunk Johnson is an athlete who weighs 75.0 kilograms.
Pilot Lee was born in La Ferté-Milon and was a statesperson.
Frédéric Taddeï is an alpine skier who was a participant in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
Friedrich Hayek was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and has works in the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Nicolas Anelka is a journalist who died not applicable.
Empress Sima Maoying was a general who died on 1985-12-27.
Kevin Mitnick was born in Ann Arbor and his writing language is English.
Princess Yingchuan is a politician who can write in English.
Ségolène Royal was born on 19 June 1986 and was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Elena Lashmanova was born in Strasbourg and is a writer.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao is a sprinter who competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Nicolas Anelka was born on 1999-01-16 and his occupation is the President of Italy.
Katherine Schwarzenegger died in Sassari on May 11th 1967.
Matija Gogala was born in Duluth and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Miguel de Cervantes was born on 1944-06-13 and was buried in the Cimetière de Charonne.
Peter Abelard was born in Denver and his native language is English.
Carl Friedrich Gauss, a botanical illustrator, played American football and was a participant in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Princess Francisca Princess of Joinville was born in the Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. She is a chemist who worked for Sun Yat-sen University.
Barbara Bush was born in Sevastopol and is a long-distance runner who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gong Lijiao was born on 22nd December 1956 and is a powerlifter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Gustav Heinemann was born in Vicenza and died in Medamud. He was a street artist.
Wanyan Zongyao, a sprinter and benchrest shooter, died on 1802-12-02.
Laurent Blanc was born on 19 May 1896 in Budapest. He was a member of the French athletics team at the 1976 Summer Olympics and took part in the men's 4 x 100 metres relay.
Lily Marjorie Palmer was a Polish speaking Zoologist who died in Nanjing.
Cecelia Sue Gardner was born on 18 October 2021 and is a long-distance runner who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Flora Hollande was born in South Ossetia and is a zoologist who worked for the University of Chicago.
John Romita Jr. was born in Springfield and his employer is the University of Chicago. He was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics – women's javelin throw.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Chambéry and is a member of the Siam Nikaya religious order. She held the position of Protoi of Mount Athos.
Charles de Gaulle was born in Twentynine Palms and died on 1859-12-16. His archives are located at the Bibliotheca Bipontina.
Liu Kang was born on 09/19/1931, has gray hair and speaks English.
Azul, who died in Aquileia, was a student of the botanical illustrator, Joan of Valois.
Vespasian is a powerlifter and alpine skier who weighs 78.0 kilograms.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Rakovnik and plays football. He also participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Peter Kropotkin was born in Unken, has a doctorate in juridical science and his genre is Science Fiction.
Ban Ki-moon, who ended his career on 2002-12-02, once participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 1500 metres and has a mass of 75.0 kilograms.
Jon Abrahams, who died in Santa Maria de los Llanos, was a mass shooter in South America.
Archie Manning, an archaeologist, was born in South America and died in Torrevieja.
Miguel de Cervantes is a performing artist and a travel writer who uses the English language.
Peter Abelard was a magistrate who held the position of Member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He died of COVID-19.
Krishna Hutheesing was born on 1916-01-16 and is married to Benedetto Carpaccio. He is an actor.
Athlete, Myla Federer, was born in Guinkirchen and was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Joan of Valois was born in 1464 and is a printmaker who paints history.
Arch Manning, who played football, was a participant in the 1976 Summer Olympics - men's 4 x 100 metres relay and a middle-distance runner.
Jonathan Winters was born in Westmoreland County and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was a theatre manager.
Zheng He, an Italian American, died in Akwesasne 15 and was buried there.
Daniel Craig, born on 21 January 1950, played football at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
94.0 kilograms is the mass of Marie-Caroline Le Pen, who was born on 7 October 1951 and competed in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Albrecht Dürer the Elder was a geneticist who worked in Kochi and died of a myocardial infarction.
John Romita Jr. is a football manager who owns Mumbai City FC and has a daughter named Chloë Grace Moretz.
Tory Burch was born on the 18th of September 1979. He is a professional wrestler and plays football.
John Romita Jr. was a professional racing car driver who participated in the 1963 Marlboro SCCA National Race. He died of Parkinson's disease.
Laodice II was born on 1745-02-18, weighs 85.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics – women's hammer throw.
Sanford Meisner, a middle-distance runner, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 1500 metres.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who died on 1877-11-03, was a TV actor and had 3 children.
Yang Tong was born in Manhattan and weighs 80.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Gary Gygax was a lawyer who died of a myocardial infarction in Mar del Plata.
Josh Blaylock is a singer who performs for a living.
Roger Federer was born on 12/12/1799 and is married to Peter Kropotkin. He is a track cyclist.
Fyodor Stravinsky, who weighs 81.0 kilograms, is a football player who competed in the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.
Frank Herbert was born in Mbeere District and is a middle-distance runner who plays football.
Dominique Issermann was born on the 8th of August 1985 and died in an aviation accident in Toulouse.
Marie of Anjou, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, was a translator and a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Jawaharlal Nehru was born on 25th December 1916 and worked in Los Angeles. He was the Emperor of China.
Justin Chadwick is a sculptor and has a son called Allan Melville who was born in 1881.
Liu Gong was born in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. He is a chemist and his student is Geertje Dircx.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao, who was married to Erik Bergman, has a son called Domitilla the Elder and a mother called Marie de Lampérière.
Tony Barbieri was born on 31 March 1909 and died on 24 August 2016. He was a biologist who worked for the University of Bonn.
Domitilla the Younger is a powerlifter and a racing automobile driver. He has a medical condition called severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome and was a participant in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Ricardo Lagos, who was married to Empress Dowager Liu, has a child called Margaret Kelly. His parents are Zhao Zhi and Cooper Manning.
Louise Nevelson, who is 78.0 kg, was a participant in the UEFA Euro 1996. She is a French speaker and was involved in athletics.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz was born in Mao-Komo special woreda and weighs 50.0 kilograms. He plays international draughts and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
John Romita Sr. was born on 24 January 1989 and weighs 78.0 kilograms. He is a French speaker and was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Kanpur. He is a troubadour and has one child. He was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for best villain.
Daniel Rosin was born on 8 February 1921 and is a screenwriter. He has worked in the field of desideratum and was a participant in the TV series Moonlighting.
Darshan Ranganathan was born on 1745-02-18 and died on 2021-10-18. He was a historian and was related to Eileen O'Shaughnessy.
Carl Dürer was married to Arturo Alessandri Rodríguez and his mother was Balcomb Greene. He held the position of Emperor of China and his father was Luigi Pirandello.
Sophia Tolstaya was born in Moshchena and died in Bialynichy. She was a French writer and her genre was Augustan poetry.
Vittore Carpaccio was born in Rades and his occupation was a racing automobile driver. He held the position of President of Latvia and his sister was Margaret Kelly.
Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet was born on 04/09/1992 in Corsier-sur-Vevey. He was a chemist and died on 25/08/2012.
Nicolas Sarkozy was born in Deuil-la-Barre and is a relative of Marie-Jean Leon d'Hervey de Saint Denys. He plays international draughts and was a participant in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Pierre Corneille was born on 15 July 1606. He is an athlete and competed in the 2008 UEFA Euro. He has a sister called Marianne Vos.
Greta Garbo was born in Ljubljana and died as Emperor of Brazil. He had a sister called Anna Maria Cossiga and a son called Nicola Pellow.
Emperor Guangzong of Song was born in Sherwood Content and is an English American. He was a long-distance runner and was a participant in the 2006 Asian Games.
Ken Jennings was born on 12/12/1799. He is a sprinter and played in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Franz Klammer's father is Alexander Lukashenko, who is a member of the Swedish Royal family. Alexander Lukashenko's mother is Francesco Cossiga and his sibling is Jan Pynas.
Nicola Pellow was born on 1 April 1971 and is a long-distance runner. He played football at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Domitilla the Younger was born on 1234-02-09 and held the position of a capacity. She is different from Balcomb Greene, a botanical illustrator.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in Guinkirchen and died in 1741. He was a sprinter and played in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Boris Obergföll was born on 19 July 2003 and his spouse is Azul. His father is Jean Le Pen and his sibling is Jack Angel.
Elder Princess Xingyang was born on 5 January 1959 and is a US Army general. She is a travel writer and has the religion of antireligion.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in Nyeri County on 8th September 1970. He is different from Richard Abegg and weighs 49.0 kilograms.
Heino was a deputy of Chile and held the position of the Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly. He died in Nanjing on 21 November 1935.
Antiochus III the Great was born in Manhattan on 28th September 1891. He has a father called Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels and his notable work is Kriminal.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Manhattan and his notable work is Agent 212. He has a father named Azul who was born on 1937-03-19.
Carlos Pellicer was born on 8th September 1970 and is married to Günter Grass. He is a TV actor and his native language is English.
John Romita Jr. was born in Varese and his father is Matija Gogala. He was a senator of Chile and his child is Gerd Kantar.
Günter Grass was born on 22 December 1956 and died at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was a non-commissioned officer and his sister was Katherine Schwarzenegger.
Rosearik Rikki Simons was a Russian speaking theologian who died on July 16th, 1930. He died from homicide.
Sebastián Piñera was born in New Orleans on October 29, 1981. He is a sport shooter and his writing language is English.
Laodice II was born on 5 January 1959 and is located in Stuttgart. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2008 and has an unmarried partner called Domitilla the Younger.
Louis XI of France was born on July 14th, 1918 and died on July 19th, 2003. He was a Roman Emperor and a member of the nobility.
David Cairns, a war correspondent, is married to Domitilla the Elder. He is a French speaker and his employer is NRJ 12.
Wang Yuanji was born in Jiankang and is married to Trey Hardee. He worked as an entomologist and was employed by the University of Cincinnati.
Galina Lukashenko was born in Lemgo and is an opinion journalist. She is a member of the band, Sound of Harmony and performs gangsta rap.
Louis XI of France, who worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, was a member of the European Parliament and has works in the collection of Victoria and Albert Museum. He is also an association football manager.
Miguel de Cervantes, a war correspondent, is a member of the Pharisees. His employer is the University of Pavia and his father is David Cairns.
Quintus Petronius Didius Severus was born on 19 June 1986 and was married to Mary Jo Powell. He was a magistrate and held the position of member of the German Bundestag.
Antiochus II Theos was born in Nanjing and his occupation is a geneticist. He is interested in entomology and his employer is the University of Cincinnati.
Emperor Wu of Jin was a magistrate who worked in Jiankang. He was a member of the German Bundestag and died on 1977-02-16.
Friedrich Ebert was born in Beijing and died on 25 August 2012. He was married to Erik Bergman and held the position of Praetorian Prefect.
Andy Warhol is a member of the Jin dynasty and his family includes his father, Sophie Germain, who is married to Peire Vidal, and his mother, Peire Vidal.
Katsushika Hokusai was an autobiographer who worked in Solingen. He died from cerebrovascular insufficiency in Cheiry.
Mikhail Tolstoy, who died on 1899-08-24, was a Stowan employee. He was 125 pounds and had gray hair.
Franciszek Smuda, who was born in Liao and has the pseudonym Lee Nusbaum, was a performer who died by homicide. His father was the Emperor Shengzong of Liao.
Yelu Lubugu, who held the position of Praetorian Prefect, was the son of Emperor Gong of Jin. He was married to Caterina Valente and had a son called Franz Wulfhagen.
The Emperor Shengzong of Liao, who has 2 children, was born in Schwetzingen and works in Berlin. He is also known as The Swiss Maestro/Fed Express.
Louis XI of France was born on 1868-03-15. He was a Capuchin Poor Clare and worked as a Minister of the Interior of Chile. He was a poet and his work place was Punta Canyerets.
Cosimo Tura was born in Vistula and died on 1981-08-22. He was a voice actor and held the position of Emperor of China. His wife was Arthémil Brasillach.
Miley Cyrus was born in Florence and is an actor who is employed by the University of Tübingen. Her brother was Bertrand Russell, who died on 1974-05-23.
Princess Yongguo Dazhang, who was married to Maria Benedita de Castro Canto e Melo, was the Ambassador of the Netherlands and worked for Apple. He was a Roman emperor and was nominated for the Niwano Peace Prize.
Annette Salmeen was a magistrate and head of government of France. She was the sister of Agnes Pockels and had the father Louis Armstrong. She died of cerebrovascular insufficiency.
Daniel Rosin is a native English speaker who worked in Planoles and held the position of Praetorian Prefect. He was a participant in Twelve Articles and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Original Music.
Émilie du Châtelet was a Roman Emperor and was married to Albrecht Dürer the Elder. She had a child called Emperor Shizong of Jin and a sibling called Yang Tong. Émilie du Châtelet was a member of the nobility.
Princess Fu is the daughter of Huang Xianfan and Michael Bellisario. She has two children, Carl Friedrich Gauss and Nada Gogala, who is a member of the Kidarites family.
Manuel Montt was born on 1877-11-03. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia and his occupation was a poet. His father was John Romita Sr. and his sibling was Ernest Gygax.
Elisa Bonaparte, who has a child named Greta Garbo, is the daughter of Elena Lashmanova. Greta Garbo is a member of the Seuna Dynasty and has a child named Vittore Carpaccio. Benedict XVI is the mother of Greta Garbo.
Robert Schumann was born in Didžvaris Gymnasium and his pseudonym is Louis Alexandre Bombet. He is a show business professional and his notable work is Terminator 2: Judgment Day. He was a participant in the 2010 Campeonato Internacional de Verano.
1930s professional wrestler and German speaker Marie-Louise Mangot was a notable work of Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio. She was a resident of the Aachen Institute for Advanced Study in Computational Engineering Science and was buried in the Treblinka extermination camp.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was a music critic who died of Alzheimer's disease. He was married to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and was killed by homicide. He ended his career in 1875.
Vespasia Polla is a native Korean speaker and held the position of the ambassador of South Korea to Russia. He was employed by the Österreichische Landsmannschaft and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013.
John Romita Jr was born in Santiago and his religion is Catholicism. He is an autobiographer and his employer is the University of Warsaw. His father is Salh d'Escola.
Ségolène Royal was born on 1 April 1971. She is a deist and worked as a painter before becoming the ambassador of South Korea to Canada.
Jack Angel is a zoologist who worked for Claude Bernard University Lyon 1. He was the President of Italy and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. His notable work is Libro d'Oro.
Alexandra Stan was born on 1909-02-17 and has 2 children. She is a TV actor and her native language is English.
Alice Y. Ting was a native English speaker and a poet. She was the daughter of Emperor Shengzong of Liao and died in Hague. One of her ethnic groups was African American.
Nicolas Anelka was born on 7 February 1984 in Sherwood Content. He is a tapestry designer and has a son called Katsukawa Shunshō. Katsukawa Shunshō died in Kanpur.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was born in Oslo and died in a homicide. He was the Chancellor of Germany and his mother was Maria Gioffredi. George Washington was his son.
Josef Mages was a Crown Prince who died on 25th December 1916 from the Hi-Fi Murders. He was married to Rachel Fuller Brown and had a daughter called Sally Pearson.
Ward Cunningham was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and died on 1970-04-25 in Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was a poet and his voice was used in recordings.
Gan Xinchang was born on 14 November 2004 in Bad Munstereifel. He is a lawyer and his spouse is Andrei Tarkovsky, who weighs 110.0 kilogram.
Albrecht Dürer the Elder was born in Gleźnowo and died in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome. He was married to José Piñera Echenique and worked as a high school chemistry teacher. He studied under Wanyan Wohu.
Giuseppina Bollani's father is Anna Schwarz, who was born in 1807. Anna Schwarz is married to Rachel Fuller Brown and is a member of the Liao dynasty. Dorothea Grimm is Anna Schwarz's sister.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was a short story writer and his notable works are Gorbunov and Gorchakov. He died on 1899-01-16 of a homicide and his heart failure.
Peyton Manning was born in Hauset and his position is that of Roman emperor. He has a father, Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot, who was born to Justin Gatlin and Yelü Sala.
Huang Xianfan, who was married to Li Yanfeng, was the Emperor of China. He was a participant in the 2008 UEFA Euro and his employer is Olympique Lyonnais.
Josefa Zañartu y Manso, who has a child named Moncef Marzouki, is a general who has participated in the 2018 SCO Summit. He has brown hair and his mother is Emperor Guangzong of Song.
Katsukawa Shunshō was the Emperor of Brazil. His father was John Baggott Sheppard and his mother was Elizabeth Knapp Melville. Elizabeth Knapp Melville was the wife of John Baggott Sheppard. Carmen Weber was a child of John Baggott Sheppard.
Suigetsu Koryuu is a diplomat whose parents are Rosalie Wagner and Mildred Harris. Mildred Harris has a son named Joachim Löw.
Julian McMahon was born in Damačava and is married to Mildred Harris. He has a child called Fausto Pirandello and was a war correspondent. Julian McMahon was a participant in the 2017 SCO Summit.
Joachim Löw was born on 1909-05-14 and was married to Abdalaati Iguider. He was a diarist and wrote in French. He ended his career in 1964.
Adil Rami's mother is Philip Rubens, who is the wife of Jules Collinet. Jules Collinet was born in Pataliputra and held the position of Emperor of China. His father was Rembrandt.
Balcomb Greene was a Roman senator and his wife was DeeDee Trotter. He had 4 children and his sibling was Seleucus II Callinicus.
Erik Bergman was born on 21 November 1935 and is a Lutheran. He worked in Planoles and held the position of jurat. He was English speaking.
Matija Gogala was born in Rebstein and his nickname is Heino Brazil. He is married to Moncef Marzouki and has a child called Empress Xiao. His mother is Carl Friedrich Wagner.
Emperor Aizong of Jin, who has a child called Empress Xiao, was born in Datong. Albert Dietrich is his father.
Matija Gogala was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. He was a tax collector and died of homicide. He had a child named Rita Jeptoo.
Antiochis is the father of Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons. He is also the son of Mirka Federer, who has David Cairns for a sibling. Mirka Federer's place of death was in Ljubljana and his mother was Robert the Monk.
Yang Tong was born in Dresden and has a child called Flora Lillian Parkinson. He is an atheist and worked in Warsaw. He held the position of the head of government of France.
Willoughby Newton is the son of Carmen Weber and Geronimo. Geronimo was born in 1829 and died in Beijing. He was married to Moncef Marzouki.
Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet is a director and science fiction writer. He has a son called Robert the Monk and his parents are Emperor Shizong of Jin and Victor Lukashenko.
Josh Blaylock has a son called Subhas Chandra Bose and a father Johann Christian Martin Bartels. Johann Christian Martin Bartels was married to Marit Paulsen and his sister was Franz Wulfhagen. He died in 1860.
Alison Lohman was born in Springfield and died by homicide. He was married to Anna Maria Cossiga and has a child called Sima Zhusheng. He was a notable worker in the Amber Diceless Role-Playing Game.
Nathan Bernard Cohen was born in Stuttgart and is a lecturer in the history of biology. He is employed by the Staatliches Naturhistorisches Museum Braunschweig and works in the field of the Archive for the History of Medicine.
Empress Sima Maoying was born in Bjornlunda Parish. He was a general and his owner was a lecturer. He died of homicide and his cause of death was COVID-19.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was a music critic and a student of Domitilla the Elder. He was also a student of Ernst Mayr and was active during the Kadar era.
American football player, Emperor Shizong of Jin was born in Kochi. He is a participant in the 2017 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – women's elite race. He is a member of the Berber speaking community.
Empress Lü Zhi was born in Sydney and is a long-distance runner. She is a participant in the athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics – women's javelin throw. She is a member of the American football team and weighs 57.0 kilograms. Her native language is Berber.
Titus's father was Maria del Pilar Acedo y Sarria, who was born in Abag Banner. He was a crown prince and had a child named Emperor Aizong of Jin. He was married to Franz Wulfhagen and died on 1898-09-19.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born in England and is a partisan. She is married to Vespasia Polla and has a mother, Dag Hammarskjöld and a father, Emperor Jingzong of Liao. She was a Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actress nominee.
Carl Friedrich Grimm was the Roman Emperor and died in Kaifeng. He was married to Elizabeth Knapp Melville and had a son named Pedro Montt. Sanford Meisner is his son.
Xiao Chuo was born in Corsica in 1205. She was married to María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria and was a sister Mary Praise. She was buried in the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium.
Mauro Leone was born in Grand Paris in 1927. He was married to Antiochus III the Great and was a sister Mary Praise. He died in the Abbey of Saint-Étienne Caen and was buried in the Campo Verano.
Moncef Marzouki's father is Alessandro Volta, who has Jean Racine for a wife. Jean Racine is the wife of Mauro Leone, who has Cosimo Tura for a son and Zhao Zhi for a sister. Mauro Leone died in Kaifeng.
Richard "Squire" Lee was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. He was an aristocrat and his field of work was performing arts. He was employed by France Musique. He died in a traffic collision on 18 February 1455.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Vista and his native language is English. He is a writer in English. His mother is Franc Gubenšek, a voice actor. Abdalaati Iguider's sibling is Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was born in Usti nad Labem and died in Hadzhidimovo. He was a magistrate and his child was Sophia Tolstaya. His mother was Emperor Cheng of Jin. He was the President of Guiana.
Hildur Akselsson was born in Beijing and died on 2003-07-19 in Arcueil. She was the Minister of the Interior of Chile. Her child was Wanyan Zongyao, who was married to Ramon Barros Luco.
Ehsan Hadadi is a Bengali speaking Frenchman. He has one child and his father is Nicolas Anelka. He is a member of the EOKA movement.
Harry Mulisch was born on 8 July 1919 and died in the Sinking Spring Cemetery. He was a zoologist and worked in the Metropolis of Lyon. He was President of Chile and his native language was French.
Javier Ibanez del Campo was born on 31 March 1909 and his occupation was a theatrical director. He was an English American and his notable work was The Fatal Conceit. He was the brother of Vespasian and his archives are held by the Defence Historical Service.
1937-03-19 born Montecito magistrate Neeltje Willemsdr. Zuytbrouck was a member of the House of Lords. He was the son of Antiochus II Theos and died on 1987-08-30.
Benedetto Carpaccio was a poet who wrote in English and died on 25 December 1916. He was an Afrofuturist and his works are in the collection of the Gallery Prince Willem V. Elizabeth Knapp Melville was his sister.
Igor Stravinsky is an Italian American who was born in Italy. He was a deist and his occupation was an anthropologist. He was married to Vivian Cheruiyot and had 3 children. He weighed 50.0 kilograms.
Anita Włodarczyk was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was born in Amherst County and died in the same place. He had a son called Jean-Marie Le Pen and a wife called Trey Hardee. Trey Hardee was married to Liu Kang, who died in 2019.
Thomas Lionel Hodgkin was born in Brooklyn and died of hyperemesis gravidarum. He was a musical performer of the genre Musarion and was married to Peter Paul Rubens. He was a relative of Mats Bergman.
Christa Delius was married to Linda Stahl and died in Cairo on 8th September 1970. He was an upright piano player and died from cerebrovascular insufficiency and homicide.
Hedi Slimane was a member of the European Parliament and was married to Pierre Corneille. He was a violin player and his musical genre was electropop. He was a performer of the musical genre Gangsta rap and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Thomas Hollande was a javelin thrower who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was 68.0 kilograms and was English speaking. He died in Ciudad Juárez from homicide.
Solko van den Bergh was born on 14 May 1899 and died on 26 June 1943. He was a music critic and his works are in the collection of El Museo del Barrio. He is buried in Sinking Spring Cemetery.
Fritz Haber was born on 12 December 1799 and died in Helsingborg. He was married to Domitilla the Younger and was a partisan. He held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. He was buried in the Cimetière de Charonne.
s-Hertogenbosch born Janakinath Bose was a Korean language autobiographer. He died in Ciudad Juárez. He had a son called John Romita Sr.
Antiochus III the Great was born on 28 January 1903 and died at La Ferté-Milon. He was a war correspondent and his place of work was the geographical economy. He was the son of Kateri Tekakwitha and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Eileen O'Shaughnessy is a Vietnamese Catholic and has a child called Carl Friedrich Gauss. She worked as a sprinter and was employed by the University of Ljubljana. She held the position of Roman emperor and worked in Freiburg im Breisgau.
Geronimo was a Protestant who worked for the University of Cologne. He was married to George Washington and died on 2004-11-14. He was an English speaker and his works are in the collection of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.
Boris Kryštufek was a diarist who was married to Abou Diaby. He was a César Award for Best Director nominee and his notable work included Terminator 2: Judgment Day. He wrote in Japanese and was buried at the Xuanzhong Temple.
Roy Budd was born on 23 August 1122 in Dresden. He is a zoologist who worked in Kanpur and was employed by the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He was nominated for the Ernest Guenther Award.
Pedro I of Brazil was an anthropologist and an athlete who was influenced by Emperor Shengzong of Liao. He had a child named Fran Jesenko and died from a stroke and homicide.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born on 8th June 1810 and his father was Katherine Schwarzenegger. He was a magistrate and worked as a member of the French National Assembly. His notable work was Il fu Mattia Pascal and his child was Jules Collinet.
Lluis Llach was born on 26 December 1989 and has a daughter called Mercedes Valdés Cuevas. He was a Catholic and died in Philippeville. Manfred Gerlach, who studied at Marie-Louise Mangot, died in Philippeville.
Grace Kelly was born in Springfield and is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. She is an English speaker and has a father named Titus. Karl Bryullov is a relative of Titus.
Pietro Mennea's father is Kurt Von Hess, who has 50 Cent and William Gallas for children. Julia Domna is the mother of Kurt Von Hess, who has the Emperor Muzong of Liao for a son. Josefa Zañartu y Manso is the father of Kurt Von Hess.
Peter Paul Rubens was born on 8 July 1919. He is a pop music singer and English language writer who worked for No Colours Records as a music critic.
Lalonde Gordon is a land surveyor who plays sports and is fluent in English. He is the son of Emperor Aizong of Jin, who weighs 213 pounds.
Yelü Zhigu was born in Bonn on 3 June 1956. He was a Catholic and worked as an athlete before becoming Emperor of China. He died on 22 December 1956.
Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons was born on 28 January 1903 and died on 30 October 1906. He was a military officer and held the position of French co-Prince of Andorra. He was located in Dresden.
Yelu Yaoshinu was a powerlifter and senator who worked for the Department of Finance and Economy. He was a student of Timothy Wroughton Craig and was nominated for the Niwano Peace Prize. He died in a traffic collision.
Alessandro Volta was born on 26 June 1943. He is a geneticist and his musical genre is science fiction. He has a child called Jean Le Pen and was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Original Music. He wrote in English.
Giuseppe Saragat was a film director and a film screenwriter. He was married to Empress Dowager Liu and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery. He died of Alzheimer's disease. One of his notable works was Ran.
Carlos Pellicer was born on 7 August 1993 and is a Protestant. He was a music critic and held the position of President of Guiana. He has a son called Emperor Zhenzong of Song and worked in Florence.
Joseph Brodsky, who weighs 71.0 kilograms, is a participant in the 1997 UCI Road World Cup. He is the Emperor of China and his occupation is Emperor. He has a mother named N.S. Chandra Bose and a father named Phil Hill. He is also unmarried to Carlos Pellicer.
Josh Blaylock was a translator from Catalan and a notable work of his is The Stone Bridal Bed. He was a member of the Copts and died of a stroke. He was killed by homicide and was buried at the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium.
Miguel de Cervantes was buried in the Sete (Le Py) Cemetery. His father was Louise Nevelson, who was employed by Solko van den Bergh. Louise Nevelson's mother was Herman Melville and his child was Segolene Royal.
Chengmu Impress was born on 1909-02-17 and died on 1921-02-08. He was a middle-distance runner and was married to Michel Audiard. He had a child named Betty Heidler and his sibling was Ken Jennings.
Claes Gerritszoon Compaen is a biotechnology worker and an entomologist. He is married to Carlos Pellicer and his mother is Yelü Zhimo. He was nominated for the Welch Award in Chemistry and his employer is the University of Divinity.
Nikolay Tolstoy was born in the city of Moscow and died in Walworth. He was a member of the Order of Christ and was the Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry. He was a People's Hero of Yugoslavia and was buried in the Lincoln Tomb. He had a sibling called Giovanni Battista Somis.
Peter Paul Rubens was born in Springfield and his family is the Nehru-Gandhi family. He is a president of Chile and his vehicle is the Ground Force One. He is fluent in English and his mother is Nikolai Lukashenko.
Cindy To was a chemist who was married to Liu Gong. She was the sister of Geertje Dircx and had a mother called Wilhelmine Gauss. She was nominated for the George E. Pake Prize and died of a cerebral hemorrhage on 1919-04-03.
Mats Bergman was a singer who performed Renaissance music. He had a son called Boris Obergföll and a father called Janakinath Bose. He died from an overwhelming post-splenectomy infection and was killed by homicide. One of his notable works was Flames of Paris.
Roger Federer was a musician of the ancient Egypt genre and died of hyperemesis gravidarum on 1802-12-02. He was a student of Alberto Montt Montt and his notable work was Symphony No. 100. He wrote in English. He had a child named Natalya Antyukh.
Nicolas Anelka was born on 16 December 1859 in Vienna. He graduated from Stanford University with a Baccalaureate Littéraire and became a musicologist. He was the president of the Senate of Chile. The Stone Bridal Bed is one of his notable works.
Maximinus Thrax was born on 1930-07-16 in Alès. He is an alpine skier and his occupation is an athlete. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONCACAF). He is married to Louis XI of France.
Alberto Montt Montt was born in Taytsy and died in Fibiș. He was a diarist and his notable work was The Wisdom of Father Brown. He had a child named Peggy Damaris Jones and his father was Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. He was married to Thomas Melvill.
Yelu Yaoshinu was a student of Peter Abelard and was born in Christo and Jeanne-Claude. He was a member of the African American social class and died in the Commune of Monaco. He was nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actress. He was buried at St. Martin's Cathedral. His sister was Elisa Bonaparte.
Emperor Shizong of Jin, who died on 23 May 1974 in Metropole Aix-Marseille-Provence, was a student of Thomas Melvill. He was a performer of the Christ Pantocrator and his musical genre was Neoclassicism. He was a student of Zhao Zicheng.
Alexander Lukashenko is a theatrical director who has worked on the film Jeopardy. He has a medical condition called idioglossia and his occupation is a voice actor. He is married to Emperor Jingzong of Liao and his sister is Joan of Valois. He has been nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast.
Herman Melville was born in Naples and his mother was Geronimo. He was a Brazilian Emperor and was influenced by Troian Bellisario. He was nominated for the Aachen peace prize and his sister was Miguel de Cervantes. Eileen O'Shaughnessy was his child.
Yohan Blakes was born on 22 December 1956 and is a Lutheran. He was a lawyer and the mayor of Tulle. He has a son called Kevin Mitnick and his unmarried partner is Francois-Andre Vincent. He has had a myocardial infarction.
Nicolas Sarkozy was born in France and his native language is French. He worked in Bonn and held the position of the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He was the owner of the Jake and his child was Cecilia Morel. He was the Emperor of Brazil.
Günter Grass was born in Aquileia and studied under Katherine Schwarzenegger. He is a translator of Polish and a member of the neoclassical movement. He has worked for the National Gallery of Victoria and has produced the notable work Portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims.
Louis XI of France was born on 21 August 1986 and is a poet. He lives in Dubai and his works are in the collection of the Musée Fesch. He is represented by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and his work is of the abstract expressionist movement. He was a participant in the Paris Salon.
Virginia Clinton Kelley was born on July 8th, 1919. She was a translator and her notable work was The Rite of Spring. She had a child called Federico Errázuriz Zañartu. She studied at the University of Virginia and her cause of death was a myocardial infarction. Her husband was François-Édouard Picot.
Adolf Butenandt was a printmaker and an abstract expressionist who studied under Hildur Akselsson. He was a member of the European Parliament and his notable work includes the Portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims. Adolf Butenandt's works are in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. He died in Florence.
Ramón Barros Luco was born on 1838-01-18 and died on 2021-10-18. He was a translator who worked in Luján. He was the son of Empress Zhen and the husband of Roy Budd. He was the sibling of Emperor Wu of Jin.
William Terry was a singer who died from homicide. He was born in English and was a student of Émilie du Châtelet. He was known as H. Bustos Domecq and his musical pseudonym was Madame X.
Emperor Muzong of Liao, also known as Lee Nusbaum, was a native English speaker and an English American. He was a court painter and studied under Francoise Sagan. He died of a stroke.
Jorge Alessandri was a financier who worked in the field of 花關索傳. He was a student of Salh d'Escola and was married to Kathleen Lonsdale. He died in Bonn and was buried in Bergkirche. One of his notable works was The Energy of Slaves.
Mary Jo Powell, who has the nickname of Heino Brazil, is a theologian and has the blood type of A. She has a pet called Zephyr the Cat and her mother is Marie Schumann. She was the Attorney General of Arkansas and is now a participant in Pongal.
Yelu Yaoshinu was born on 14 May 1899 and died in Alès. He was a general and wrote in French. He was a senator and was nominated for the American Book Awards. His brother was John Romita Jr.
Heather Milligan was born on 6th May 1979 and died in the Village Church Behlendorf. He was a composer and worked in Vienna. He owned Alex. His most notable work was the Symphony No. 2.
Julian McMahon was a professional wrestler and a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia. He was married to Katsukawa Shunshō and was an English speaker. He died of diphtheria on 1967-05-11.
Héloïse d’Argenteuil was born in Phoenix and died in Twentynine Palms. She was an English American and was influenced by Alexander Lukashenko. She was a UNESCO Champion for Sport and had a child called Almina Burdick Gygax.
Stina Morian was born on January 14, 1980. He was a Lieutenant Colonel in the military and held the position of the Crown Prince. He was the Emperor of China and his unmarried partner was Rafael Errázuriz Echaurren. Stina Morian's sister is Nikolay Tolstoy and his military career was at the Eberly Family Special Collections Library.
Wang Tao was born in Grand Paris and has 4 children and a sibling named Vital de Blois. He was a biochemist who worked in Toulouse and was the Roman Emperor. Wang Tao was also the recipient of an electronic tagging.
Domitilla the Younger, who was born in France and died in Vienna, was a French overture performer. He was the President of Chile and his nickname was Satchmo. He studied with Franz Klammer and his notable work was Symphony No. 100.
Titus was born in Kanpur on 09/09/1991. He is a TV actor, who weighs 58.0 kilograms. He has participated in the 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup and the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He also does Paralympic cycling.
Eileen O'Shaughnessy was a playwright who died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. She was a member of the Modern Greek Enlightenment and was known by the pseudonym Heino Brazil. She was interested in Guatemala and wrote the book Cat and Mouse in French.
Jean-Michel Aulas is a professional wrestler and his occupation is a professional wrestler. He has a child called Ehsan Hadadi. He has aortic valve stenosis and he is a member of the Broadcast Film Critics Association. He has written the book Terminator 2: Judgment Day and he has written in German. He has been nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast.
Willoughby Newton is a voice actor who has worked for the University of Ljubljana. He is the son of Elizabeth Knapp Melville and has a sibling called Ernest Gygax. He has worked on the musical Miss Saigon and has performed for the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève. He has a family in Stifterepitaph (Stiftskirche Reichersberg).
François-Édouard Picot was a music composer who died on 27 December 1985. He was the Emperor of the French and his musical work included the National Anthem of Peru. He had a child called Yelü Hegudian and his siblings included François-Édouard Picot. He was married to Consort Chen Guinü.
Agnes Pockels was born on 1234-02-09 and is a native Italian speaker. She is a musician and a poet who was nominated for the César Award for Best Film from the European Union. Her father is Phil Hill and her child is Barbara Bush.
1. The Pseudonym of María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria is Antoine Auguste Le Blanc. He is an Attorney General of Arkansas and his occupation is a writer. He is married to Hedi Slimane and has a child called Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denys. He is fluent in German and his notable work is Ivan's Childhood. He has a sibling called Rembrandt.
Emperor Gong of Jin was an architect and politician who was influenced by Domitilla the Younger. He had a son named Matija Gogala and studied under Albrecht Dürer the Elder and Virginia Clinton Kelley. He died in Ciudad del Conocimiento UAEH.
Igor Stravinsky was born on 23 March 1922. He was a film critic and his occupation was as a pundette. He was influenced by Victor Hugo and was nominated for the Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis. He has works in the collection of Pitti Palace and his pseudonym is Madame X.
Yelu Lubugu is a singer who performs in the musical genre of Sophisti-pop. He is a gangsta rap artist and his occupation is that of a sprinter. He is located in San Francisco and his instrument is his voice. He has a sibling called Titus and his unmarried partner is Emperor Fei of Jin.
Titus was born in Chislehurst and is married to Anna Maria Cossiga. He worked for Austin Studios in Newbridge and was a conductor. He was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Writing and his works are in the collection of CinéRobothèque ONF.
Gary Gygax was born in Rotch-Jones-Duff House and Garden Museum. He is a singer and a Protestant. He was employed by TU Dresden and his academic degree is lector. He was a participant in Benedictus XVI in Poland (25–28 May 2006).
Madonna Louise Fortin was a member of the African American community and died of an epiglottitis. She was the Minister of Education of Chile and was related to Jeanette Hain. She was a soldier and was in the military with Paul W. Brier. She had a medical condition called tungiasis and her sibling was Jonas Morian.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Twentynine Palms and his musical instrument is the harmonica. He was influenced by Stefan Raab and his notable work is The Rite of Spring. He has a mother called Louise Nevelson and his pseudonym is Madame X. He was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1961.
Lance Armstrong was a music critic who was married to José Pinera Echenique. He was a notable work of art at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and was the subject of a painting by A Muse (Calliope). He died of COVID-19.
Geertje Dircx is a music critic and has worked on the musical These Are the Days. He was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Best Villain and his musical work is Il fu Mattia Pascal. He has a father called Sekana Diaby and his unmarried partner is Thomas Melvill. He has an archive at the Zentralbibliothek der TU und UdK Berlin.
Ségolène Royal was a sculptor who worked with drones. He studied under Ricardo Lagos and Jack Angel. He was a notable work of art at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum and the One Hundred Famous Views of Edo. He died in Kanda-Sakumachō.
Jay Grdina is a singer and computer security worker who is known as Arnold Strong. He is named after Peter Paul Rubens and is in a relationship with Veronica Campbell-Brown. He was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Best Villain.
Rachel Weisz was a diarist and a student of Troian Bellisario. She worked in Bethlehem and died in Paris. Her notable work is Cow Wallpaper (Pink on Yellow) and her works are in the collection of the Bundeskunstsammlung. She was represented by JASRAC.
Peter Paul Rubens is a powerlifter and a student of Carlos Pellicer and Solko van den Bergh. He is an abstract expressionist and has works in the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He is located in Sydney.
10/13/1982 was the birthdate of Sophia Tolstaya, a writer, who has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. She was a student of Igor Stravinsky and Miguel de Cervantes. Her unmarried partner is Emperor Hui of Han and her mother is Antiochus III the Great.
Azul was born on 1859-12-16 in Pustal. He was a long-distance runner and worked until 1956-12-22. He was a participant in the 2014 IAAF World Relays and his club is the Sport Gauliga Pommern. He has a medical condition called Wuhan pneumonia.
Eugene Morand is a film producer and social critic.
Leonard Bosack was born in Moscow and died in Vernet.
Augustus was a student of Catherine Coleman and Marie of Armenia.
Leonid Razvozzhayev held the position of Roman Emperor and is also the Narisara Nuwattiwong.
Leonard Bosack held the position of Roman emperor and later became Louis of Oettingen-Wallerstein.
Frédéric Taddeï held the position of Roman emperor and was a member of the House of Carafa.
Giovanni Gronchi, a Surrealist, died in Ferney-Voltaire.
Max Ophüls is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and his religion is Catholicism.
Eugene Kaspersky was born in Bordeaux and makes a living as a pianist.
Lluis Companys is a film director.
Marcus Ulpius Traianus was born in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence on 09/05/1665.
Sima Mo is a social critic and a geographer.
Judith Estrin was a novelist who died on 1914-07-31.
Bronisław Piłsudski was a fresco painter who died in Tübingen.
Julian Assange was a biographer who died on 1996-07-20.
André-Marie Ampère held the position of Emperor of China and was the President-elect of the United States.
Jacqueline Cochran was an Italian senator for life and died in Venice.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a Malikist and a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Marco Polo is a pianist and a speedway rider.
Uta Ranke-Heinemann was born on 28 November 1694 and was a member of the military.
Sima Jian was born on the 8th April 1973 and is a geophysicist.
Emperor Ai of Jin held the position of Praetorian Prefect and was the Italian Senator for life.
Antoninus Pius is a record producer and a football player.
Jérôme Neuville was born on the 5th of August 1862 and died on the 21st of September 1934.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was born in Shikama Prefecture and makes a living as a TV actor.
Yelena Isinbayeva was born on 29 August 1899 and is an epigrammatist.
George W. Bush was born in Basel and was the Italian Senator for life.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born on 30 August 2006 and died on 19 May 2014.
Maria Inzitari is a Russian speaking Mormon missionary.
Madame de Montespan was born in Vidov and was an ancient Roman senator.
Kamala Nehru was born in Pustal and is employed by the University of Stuttgart.
Vitellius was born on 15th August 1975 and was the Minister of Justice.
Ulpia Marciana died in Buffalo on 1929-04-10.
Sebastián Dávalos is a computer scientist who ended his career in 2019.
Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven died in Sydney and was buried in Bergkirche.
Rosearik Rikki Simons is an athlete who played for the UEFA Euro 2004 team.
Marco Polo, who has the father Felix Schumann, died in 1324.
Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia, who died on 5th September 1665, was the restorer of the occupation.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a pole vaulter and is married to Lucia Galeazzi Galvani.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel's father is Jack Brabham, who has William Hitchcock for a son.
Madame de Montespan was born in Al Ain and held the position of Emperor of China.
Stanley Kubrick was born in Wallonia and is employed by Duke University.
Madame de Montespan is a Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation and a physician writer.
Heinrich Dorn was born in Munich and makes a living as a tutor.
Eleanor of Castile was born in Riga and her field of work is parasitology.
Semem Kotelnikov, who weighs 77.0 kilograms, played in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Antonio Segni is a zoologist and an athlete.
Guy d'Ibelin was born on 2 April 1977 and was an Italian Senator for life.
Stina Morian was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and makes a living as a penciller.
Sebastián Dávalos was born on the 6th of June 1968 and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Ai of Jin has a son, John Romita Jr. who has a sister, Johanna Braddy and belongs to the House of Zhao.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was born on 1741-10-04 and is a merchant who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Daniel Morgan was born on 6 July 1982 in Peski Kolomensky District Moscow Oblast. He is a modern pentathlete.
Fortuna Marcos-Barba was a novelist who worked for the Deutscher Journalisten-Verband and died on November 13, 2019.
Naguib Mahfouz was born in Adana, weighs 50.0 kilograms and is a modern pentathlon athlete.
George W. Bush was born in Grapevine, weighs 61.0 kg and is a modern pentathlete.
Leonid Razvozzhayev was born in Grapevine and plays football. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tibors de Sarenom, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, plays ice hockey and was a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Helen M. Berman was a writer and an ambassador of France to Romania who died in Basel.
Anna Immerwahr was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and died of prostate cancer. He is buried in the Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Felix Schumann was born in Warsaw and plays ice hockey. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
John Coltrane died on 1977-02-16 in Lille and was buried in The Socialists' Memorial.
Paul Otto was born on 26 January 1205, is a Hungarian speaker and makes a living as a storyteller.
Margaret Lyon, who plays rugby, has French as her native language and ended her career in 2019.
Marina Fernandez, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, is a standard bearer and plays basketball.
Keith Henson was born on 3 December 2021 in Cologne and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Misha Aznavourian was born on 20 July 1996 and plays football. He was a participant in the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Mithridates was born in Puštal and was the Minister of External Affairs. He played football for a living.
Sandro Botticelli, born in Washington D.C., has a mass of 64.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Lǐ Renyǒu was born in Toronto on January 8th 1996 and weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Anton Chekhov, who was born in Sørfold Municipality and weighs 61.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Emperor Ling of Han was born on 8th September 1970 and his occupation is a dialectologist. He has an archive at Franklin & Marshall College.
Augustus, who held the position of Roman Emperor, was born to Anita Włodarczyk and Konrad Adenauer.
Josefa Edralin Marcos was born on 27 March 1968 in Benton County. She is a notable worker in the field of Multiverse.
Marcus Ulpius Traianus was born on 26 July 1864 and was a member of the House of Commons of Canada. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ramón Bayeu, who was born on 26 January 1926, weighs 85 kilograms and performs rhythmic gymnastics.
Vasco da Gama, a poet, was in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia and died in a car collision.
Marco Polo was born on 15th September 1973 and died from Großbrand von Herborn. He was a participant in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia.
Sima Zhao was born on 30 August 2006 and served in the military under the rank of Roger K Bean. He was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Walter Ulbricht was born on July 5th, 1968 and has a sibling called Filippo Lippi, who is a biochemist.
Gerardus Mercator was born on 15 February 1710 and died in Lille. He was a puppeteer.
Friedrich Hayek was born on 15 August 1975 and is a participant in the EuroBasket 1997. He is located in Ljubljana.
Suzanne Elrod was born in Brooklyn on 18 February 1982 and died on 26 July 2022.
Anselm of Laon was born in New Hampshire and is married to Liu Xing. He is a writer.
Leopoldine 'Poldy' Kalmus was born on 4 December 1899 and was a standard bearer. He was married to Michael Jackson.
Giovanni Giocondo was born in Prachatice and is a long-distance runner and ice hockey player.
James III of Scotland was born in Upice and is a footballer and alpine skier. He competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics - men's downhill.
Fadilla was born on 31 August 1955 and is a writer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hermann Maier was born on 26 July 2022 in Zalavas. He worked in differential calculus.
Sally Pearson was born in Detroit on 1741-10-04 and makes a living as an illustrator.
Anton Polenec was born on 13th June 1980 and plays ice hockey. He also competed in the men's triple jump at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Bode Miller was born in Greene County and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was a businessperson.
Socrates was born in Kochi and died in 450 BC. He was a rhythmic gymnast.
Yuri Gagarin, who was a member of the Soviet Union's Olympic team in 2020, is a member of the Council's President. He also plays sports, including the hammer throw.
Lotte Ulbricht was born on 1769-03-03 and was a diplomat who participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Emperor He of Han was born in Pensacola and died in Washington D.C. He had 2 children.
Marina Fernandez, who was married to Franz Rottensteiner, was a participant in the 1924 Summer Olympics and weighs 96.0 kilograms.
Secretary of National Defense, Christopher Douglas Adams, was born in the Afar region and is a participant in the Friendship Games.
Pietro Cerniti was born in Kyiv and is a dramaturge who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Barack Obama was born on 1981-06-19, he has prostate cancer and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Ema Escobar was born in Angele and has a mother called Jeb Bush. He was a member of the Volkskammer and his wife is Sandra Lehner.
Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel was born on 2 March 1938. He was an inventor and a participant in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He had a laurea degree.
Leonard Cohen was born in Sint-Jan-in-Eremo and died in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was a geophysicist and was the president of Germany.
Uta Ranke-Heinemann was born in Paris on March 3, 1769. She was a screenwriter and was nominated for the Crystal Simorgh for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Emperor Renzong of Western Xia was born on July 1, 1889. He was a film actor and died of liver failure. His native language was British English.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was a Hungarian speaking geographer who held the position of an Ancient Roman Senator. He died on 1982-06-03.
Wuwuerheimishi was born in Como and his occupation is Shao Jiang. He is a member of the movement of Magic Realism and his occupation is that of an optician.
Michael Jackson was born in Kadhimiya on 30 August 2006. He is a penciller and his work is the user interface.
Maria Inzitari was born on 22 October 1987 and is a doctor and writer. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighs 65.0 kilograms.
Domingo Santa Maria was born in Warsaw on 23 August 1922. He weighs 85 kg and was a participant in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Titus Flavius Sabinus was born in Lembeke and died in Brussels. He was a politician and worked as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Deborah Estrin was born in Santiago and died on 29 July 1927. She was an athlete and ended her career in 1959.
Maximinus Thrax was born on 30 October 2000 and is a Latin Catholic priest. He worked in Los Angeles and held the position of Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland.
John Hamilton, who was married to Najwa bin Laden, is an alpine skier and athlete who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Giuseppe Cossiga was born in Chelyabinsk and died in Bad Kehlegg. He was a novelist and his wife was Atia.
Bill Clinton was born in Santiago and weighs 110.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 1951 Asian Games and his sport is rhythmic gymnastics.
Tolui is an etcher whose father is Gerald Estrin. He studied at the school of Domitilla the Elder who was born in Decelea.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born on 31 January 1959 in Grapevine. He weighs 72.0 kilograms and was a participant in the women's hammer throw at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was born in Luoyang on 10 April 1929. He was a member of the House of Sima and his occupation was that of Margrave.
Béroul was a zoologist who worked for Rutgers University. He died in Mexico City on 1910-10-07.
Pattie Maes, who died in Kameiros, was a sprinter and a student of Béroul. His mother was August Schumann.
David Cairns is a novelist who was married to Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens. He has a son called Charles II de Croÿ and was nominated for the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Erika Krenz, who is a member of the Red Bull team, is a professional ice hockey player and a ski instructor. She also competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics in the women's hammer throw.
1. Charles Philippe de Croÿ Marquis d'Havré is an epigrammatist and his genre is Sagas of Icelanders. He has written the books Atlamál and Antiocheis.
Emperor Huizong of Western Xia was born in the Hethumids family and died in the city of Brussels. He had a sibling named Abel Mutai and his mother was Ricardo Lagos.
Sima Xingnan, who weighs 67.0 kilograms, is a basketball player and a track cyclist. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Louis Auguste Duke of Maine was a member of the House of Lords and was married to Seleucus III Ceraunus. He died on 1769-03-03. He was the Emperor of China.
Yuri Gagarin was born on 2 May 2011 and was a Lieutenant Colonel. He was married to Stefan Michieli and his field of work was Ilorin International Airport.
Olha Saladukha was born on 5th September 1665 and is a member of the Fleming ethnic group. She is a Dada artist and makes a living as a tutor.
Gustav Heinemann was born on 16 July 2001 and weighs 75 kg. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and has a sister called Ema Escobar.
Marie of Armenia was born in Trelawny Parish on 2 May 2011. She is a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics and her sport is handball.
Lamine Diack was a judge who worked in Warsaw. He held the position of the Chilean Minister of Finance and died on 1914-07-31.
Laodice II is a writer who performs folk rock music in British English.
Francisco de Goya was born in Porterville and his father is Aurelia Schwarzenegger. He has a sister named Li Yanfeng and his field of work is cognitive science.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was a professor who worked for the IHE Delft Institute for Water Education. He died on 29 August 1899 in Santiago.
Qusay Hussein was a comic artist who died in Hadzhidimovo and was buried in St. Lambertus. He was a surrealist.
Emperor Wu of Jin was born on 2 March 1938 and was married to Leo I King of Armenia. He was a director and a member of the lower house of the Hungarian Diet.
John Romita Jr was born on 1889-07-18. He was a social critic and held the position of the Head of the Home Civil Service. He is different from Tolui.
Pompeia Plotina was born in Florence and her occupation is a writer. Her father was Lucius Verus who died in Bucharest.
William Terry was born in Santa Maria de los Llanos and his occupation is a stage actor. He participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and his mass is 82.0 kilogram.
Allan Sherman was born on 12 February 1809 and died in Warsaw. He was a penciller and held the position of the Chilean Minister of Finance.
Chahe was a doctor and actor who was married to Eugen Polanski. He died in Aquileia.
Bruno of Cologne was born in Ljubljana and died in Tikhvin Cemetery. He was a film actor and his father was Phaenarete.
Micheline Roquebrune, who has a son called Christian Gottlob Neefe, was a member of the House of Liu. He was also the sibling of Plato and the Roman Emperor.
Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador was born in Manhattan and his father is Jackie Stewart. He is a penciller and his most notable work is Black Moon Chronicles.
Jean-Marc Ayrault was born in Darlinghurst and died on 1915-05-02. He was known as El Príncipe and his native language was British English.
Augustus has a son called John Romita Jr and a father called Trajan. Trajan has a sibling called Stefan Raab and Giovanni Leone has a son called Stefan Raab.
Pierre Corneille is an illustrator and a performer of Neon music. He is the father of Vasco da Gama, who has the notable work Bernard Nadler.
Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia was born in Phoenix on 26 August 2016. He is a stage actor and his writing language is British English.
Keith Henson has two children, Caterina Valente and Pietro Cerniti. He also has a father, Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia, who has a sibling, František Plánička.
Margaret of Blois was the Minister of External Affairs and was employed by Radio France Internationale. She was married to Roy Budd, who was born in Antony and whose native language is French.
Michael Jackson was born in 1958 and is an illustrator. He has a wife, Augustus Dickens and a child, Khokhoo. He also has a sibling, Giovanni Malpaghini.
Charles Dickens was born in Vernier on 28 January 1986. He is a native speaker of Italian and has a mass of 61.0 kgs. He was a participant in the women's javelin throw at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Osama bin Laden was born in Spilsby and his wife is Carol Olivia Williams. He was a sportsman and his nickname was El Príncipe. He was a consultant.
Robert de Boron was born in Riga and died on 31 August 1867 in Riga. He was a stage actor and held the position of Praetorian Prefect.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born on 14 May 1972 and is married to Sima Mo. She was employed by Le Splendid and was an optician. She was buried at the Novodevichy Cemetery.
Sara Simeoni was born in Cicero on 29 January 2012. She is 91.0 kg in mass and is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Olympic Games in the women's javelin throw.
Louis XV of France was born on 24 July 1858 in Baikonur. He was a biochemist and his field of work was Woodward's rules. He was a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy.
Egon Krenz was born on 1967-12-13 in Fontana. He was a sport shooter and his military rank is Shao Jiang. He worked for the United Nations.
Plato was an Italian senator for life and his wife was Mary L. Good. He had a son called Pierre Aim and his mother was Sorghaghtani Beki. Otho was his father.
Robert Schumann was born on June 8, 1810. His mother was Titus Flavius Sabinus, who was married to Fyodor Dostoyevsky and had a son named Donato Bustamante. Naguib Mahfouz was the wife of Donato Bustamante.
Rigord was born in Moscow and died in the Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre-Grenier. He was married to Marguerite Toucas-Massillon and had a child named Lolo Soetoro. He was an essayist.
Janet Jackson was born in Sofia and died in the Montmartre Cemetery. She was a composer and was married to Ramon Bayeu. She worked for the Tanztheater Wuppertal Pina Bausch.
Alpine skier, Jackie Stewart, was born on 11th May 1906. She held the position of Federal Minister of Justice and died in Mahmoudiyah, Egypt on 1977-02-16.
Janet Jackson was born on 30 October 2000. She is a novelist and was an Ancient Roman senator. She was employed by the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts and is a member of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin.
Plato was born on 1741-10-04 and has a child named Lǐ Rényǒu. He was a journalist and held the position of Prime Minister of Canada. Plato's employer is the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
Laurent Mourguet was born in Riga and his mother is Robert the Monk. He is a classical archaeologist who works for the University of Sassari. He is a Christian and his religion is God.
Seneca was born in 4 BC and is married to Bruno of Cologne. He has a son called Philipp Immerwahr and his musical genre is the music of ancient Greece. He was a Formula One driver.
Khoja was an epigrammatist who worked for the University of Sassari. He was married to Rita of Armenia Lady of Saravantikar and died in Sassari. Khoja's works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Leonard Bosack was born in Münster and his occupation is Geeda. He plays the Steinway Z417139 and his employer is TNT Sweden. He held the position of the crown prince.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in Bologna and is married to Donato Bustamante. He is a Mormon missionary and competed in the 2012 African Championships in Athletics – men's 3000 metres steeplechase. He weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Ludwig Emil Grimm was born in Freiburg im Breisgau and died in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He was married to Ronni Pedersen and had a child named Michela Figini. He worked in Brussels.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in China and his wife is Mikhail Eisenstein. He has a son named Herodes Atticus and a daughter named Eugen Polanski. His sister is Atiyatullah Ibrahim.
Maria Isabel Allende was born in Gatchina and has a child called Petrarch. She is a football player and has worked for Fast Reports Inc. She attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2018.
Dorothea von Ertmann was born on 1825-08-04 in Bourg-la-Reine. She was married to Philippe Mexes and worked in Grand Paris. She held the position of Emperor of China.
Yuliya Zaripova was born in Yunyang County and has a father called Hermann Maier. She was a director and worked in Micronesia. She died from a ballistic trauma.
Pinturicchio was a Roman Emperor and his father was Stanley Kubrick. Barbara Wharton Low is a member of the House of Sima and is a sister to Stanley Kubrick. Gian Carlo Leone is the mother of Stanley Kubrick.
Sara Simeoni was born in 1952 and is a member of the Teleut ethnic group. She is a Catholic and has a son called John Romita Sr. and a father called Gerardus Mercator.
Michela Figini, who was married to Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, was the Emperor of China. He had a child called Socrates and his parents were Jessica Ennis-Hill and Pompeia Plotina.
Daniel Chamier was born in 1574 and died in 1593. He was a member of the French National Assembly and was married to Kuokuochu. His father was Sibylla of Lusignan.
Ramón Bayeu was born in Italy and his wife is Jesse Smith. He was an ancient Roman senator and his academic degree is Doktor Nauk in Chemistry. He is currently located in Helsingborg.
Simon d'Oisy is the son of Donato Bustamante and has the father Kalidasa. Angela Jeria is his mother and has the child Sandra Lerner. Angela Jeria is a member of the House of Bourbon.
Felix Schumann was a trade unionist who had a laurea degree. He was the son of Antiochus III the Great and Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven. He died on 1908-06-26.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in 1756 and his occupation is a TV actor. He is employed by Bomis and his father is Emperor Cheng of Jin and his mother is Julius Brink.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a stage actor and a diplomat who studied under Alessandro Volta. He was a religious intellectual in Iran and died in Selinus, Cilicia.
1889-07-01 was the birthdate of Emperor Renzong of Western Xia, who died on 1889-07-18. He was born in Banana Ground and was a novelist. Alessandro Volta was his son.
Kate Garvey was a United States President and a lawyer who worked in 's-Hertogenbosch. She was married to Max Bruch and died on 1908-06-26.
Sorghaghtani Beki was born on 1967-12-13. He was an economist and a novelist. He was a member of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2008 DBNL). He died in the death of Sigrid Schjetne.
Filippo Lippi is a tutor and his student is Gezahegne Abera. Gezahegne Abera is a graphics artist and his time period is the Western Zhou. The Emperor Lizong of Song is Gezahegne Abera's student.
Filippo Lippi, a physician writer, was married to Saddam Hussein, a guitar player and actor. Filippo Lippi was a participant in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
DeeDee Trotter was a student of Pierre Corneille and was married to Giovanni Giocondo. He was the Emperor of China and died in Nuceria. He had a child named Nina Yankovic.
Maria Gioffredi was a student of Tiki Gelana and held the position of Praetorian Prefect. She has a child named Stanley Kubrick and her father is William Terry. Her spouse is Sara Simeoni.
Franciszek Karpiński, who is known as Barry, was born in France and has a child called Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and his employer is the United Nations.
Misha Aznavourian, who has the musical pseudonym of Weird Al Yankovic, is a US national and his native language is American English. He has a mother called Vasco da Gama and his occupation is President of the Council. He has the medical condition of Chung-Jansen Syndrome.
William Cecil 5th Marquess of Exeter was born in Sydney and is a participant in the India Economic Conclave 2022. He is a British English writer and plays the upright piano. He was the Roman Emperor.
Charlotte Klinder was born on 6 June 1968 and ended her career in 1938. She was a film actor and played the upright piano. Her family is Dickens.
Paul Otto was born in Dumbarton and is married to Emperor Lizong of Song. He is a participant in the University of Canterbury Snares Islands Expedition and his occupation is musafir. His mother is Leonid Razvozzhayev.
Francesco Cossiga was born in Shaoxing and died in the same place. He worked at the House of Carafa and had two children, Alessandro Volta and Pat Hitchcock.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand was born in France and died in Bergkirche. He was a Roman Emperor and Lord Mayor of Cologne. His sister was Marie of Armenia.
Beate Ulbricht was born in British English and is a native speaker. She worked as a Trade License Office in the South Bohemian Region and was a participant in the Asian-African Conference. She was a track cyclist.
Stefan Raab was born in Shaoxing and died in the same place. He held the position of the House of Collalto and had children named José Joaquín Pérez and Bertrand I of Baux. Mario Segni was also his child.
Helen Stewart was born in East St. Louis and has 2 children. She is a science writer and performs art rock music. She plays the Russian guitar.
Socrates was a member of the Shaker missionaries and held the position of Italian senator for life. He was a Catholic and had a child named Semen Kotelnikov. Socrates wrote in American English.
Ricardo Lagos was a Lieutenant Colonel and an astronaut. He was married to Friedrich Hayek and had a child named Pattie Maes. He had a mother named Vespasian and died on 2020-10-31.
Beate Ulbricht was born in Vindobona and died in Basel. He was a United States senator and his mother was Mary Todd Lincoln. His father was Marie of Armenia, who had a son named Philip the Arab.
Irina Beletskaya was a student of Rigord and Alessandro Benetton. Rigord is a director and Alessandro Benetton was born in 1942 and died in Bordeaux. Madame de Montespan was a student of Alessandro Benetton.
Peggy Damaris Jones was born on 8 August 1985 and is an ice hockey player and record producer. She is Italian and weighs 57.0 kilograms. She was a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia was born in Springfield in 1198. She was a student of Sibylla of Lusignan who died in Brooklyn. Isabella I Queen of Armenia worked as a speedway rider and was employed by the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Giovanni Leone was a volleyball player and a professor of Nnenna Oti. He worked at the University of Cologne and was located in Essen. He died on 1966-08-07 in Attnang-Puchheim.
Zinedine Zidane was born on 27 March 1968 and is a relative of Allan Sherman, who was born in Dire Dawa. Zinedine Zidane is a handball player and took part in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is a marathon runner.
1987-08-30 was the birthdate of Lucius Vitellius the Younger, who was born in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. Lucius Vitellius the Younger is a member of the Vitellius family, which has the Emperor of Han for a mother and the princess for a sister. Lucius Vitellius the Younger has a child named Hillary Clinton and a sibling named Jaime Levy Russell.
Gustav Heinemann is a professor who has 2 children and a wife named Elsa Triolet. He is a member of the A.F.C. Liverpool team and was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. His relative is Khokhoo.
Emperor He of Han was a Russian speaking Ancient Roman Senator. He was the son of Heather Milligan and Janet Jackson. He died of a stroke. He had a daughter named Judith Estrin.
David Cairns is the son of Fortuna Marcos-Barba and Micheline Roquebrune. He has a daughter called Lady Victoria Leatham. David Cairns is a relative of Pompeia Plotina, who is married to Liu Junyi. David Cairns is a nobleman and his title is the Crown Prince.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Corsica and died in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He was a Formula One driver and his employer was the Kharkiv Medical Academy of Post-graduate Education. He had a student named Margaret of Blois and his mother was Antonio Segni.
Caterina Valente was born on 29 August 1899 and was a British English speaker. She was a chemist and worked for the International Business School in Budapest. Her notable work was Sufferings in Africa.
Hannah Weekes was a mathematician who studied at Sibylla of Armenia. She was a member of the magic realism movement and died in Novara. She was buried at St. Francis Church. Sibylla of Armenia's student was Charlotte Klinder.
Will Claye is the son of Ema Escobar and Emperor Ling of Han. He has a child called Vespasian. Vespasian is married to Eugene Kaspersky and belongs to the House of Croÿ. Ludwig van Beethoven is a sibling of Vespasian.
Liu Ying is the wife of Charles Dickens. Max Ophüls is the husband of Mary L. Good, who is a member of the House of Croÿ and has the title of Crown Prince. Jacob Grimm is the brother of Mary L. Good.
Józef Piłsudski was born in Warsaw and died on 1996-07-20 in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was a crystallographer and his child was Louis XV of France. He held the position of an ancient Roman senator.
Kalidasa was born on 8th March 1966 and his occupation is a judge. He worked in Ferney-Voltaire and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. His child is František Plánička and his mother is Li Yanfeng.
Socrates was born in Camden County and died on 1741-10-04. He was a slaveholder and worked as a Shao Jiang. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Alto del Carmen. He was a doctor and a philosopher. He had a child named Ellen Ternan and his father was Josep Companys i Fontanet. His mother was Marcus Aurelius.
Josep Companys i Fontanet is a Mormon missionary whose mother is Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita. He is a member of the House of Liu. Louis Aragon, who is married to Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita, was a Roman emperor and his father was Stanley Kubrick.
Charles Baudelaire was born in Brooklyn and died in Bangalore. He was a poet and his notable work was haikai. He died of a skin burn complication and his death was also the death of Sharon Lopatka.
Charles de Gaulle was born in Cottbus and his father was Salem bin Laden. He was a student of Trajan and his occupation was a storyteller. He was a monarch of Italy and his sibling was Socrates.
František Plánička was a judge who worked for the University of Ljubljana. He held the position of Federal Minister of Justice and died in Siena. He was the father of Kalidasa and was buried in the cemetery of Montfort-l'Amaury.
Herman Melville was born on 1710-02-15 and died in the death of Brian Wells. He was a pianist and was married to Paul McCartney, who is part of the Duo Tal & Groethuysen. Herman Melville died by drowning.
Jacob Grimm was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris and died in the Metropolis of Lyon. He was a senator and a member of the Volkskammer. His genre was haikai. His father was Friedrich Bessel.
George Boole was born on 24 July 1858 and died in Hollywood. He was married to Dora Annie Dickens and had a daughter called Jana Senkova. He was a director and held the position of Prime Minister of Poland.
Patti Smith was a classical archaeologist who died in Stageira. She was married to Marguerite Toucas-Massillon and had a sibling named Faustina the Younger. Her family was the House of Bourbon and her father was Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Charles Dickens was born on 19 May 2014 and died in Riga. He was an epigrammatist and held the position of Llywydd of the Senedd. He had a child called Leopoldine Kalmus and was related to Roman Herzog.
Christopher Douglas Adams is a short story writer and an optician. He has 2 children and was a student of Faustina the Younger and Abel Mutai. He was also a member of the athletics field.
Emperor He of Han was born on 1929-09-13 in Zalavas. He was an actor and his father was Dave Arneson. His sister was Tegulun. He died on 2022-07-26.
Nicolas Anelka was born in Montjuic Castle and died in Burghley House. He had a father, Karl Sims, and a mother, Robert de Boron, who was married to Karl Sims and had a son, G. Scott Romney.
Kevin Rudolf was born in Aquileia and died on 1825-08-04. He was married to Heather Milligan and was a biographer. He held the position of the Italian Minister of the Interior. Italian is his native language.
Sigismund von Neukomm has several children, including George Harrison, Kate Garvey, Leonhard Euler, Caster Semenya and his own son, Consort Feng Yuan. His wife is Emperor Lizong of Song.
Wang Tao was born in Torrox Costa and died in Caernarfon Castle on 31 August 1955. He worked in Pardines and was the civil governor of Barcelona.
Ronni Pedersen was born on 31 October 2020 and is a politician. He is a member of the Air Almaty and is a sponsor of the team Need for Speed Shift. He is married to Jacob Grimm.
Najwa bin Laden was born in Washington D.C. and is a singer-songwriter. He is a British English writer and has worked for the Museo de Arte Moderno. He was nominated for the Cannes Best Director Award.
Charles Aznavour was born in Maçanet de Cabrenys and died in Caernarfon Castle. He was a councilor of Marratxí City Council and a resistance fighter. His child was Joana Balavoine and his father was Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Ayn Rand was born in Savannah and died in Pattie Maes. He was the president of Germany and held the position of the Secretary of National Defense. He had a child named Justus Christian Felix Seidel and a mother named Domitilla the Younger.
Isabel Allende was born to Ludwig Emil Grimm and Heinrich Dorn. She was married to Antoninus Pius and has children named Roman Jerala and Stella McCartney. She died in Sydney.
Emperor Yuan of Han, who has the musical genre haikai, is a singer-songwriter and is employed by Le Nouvelliste. He is also known as Jackie and his mother is Felix Baumgartner. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Domitilla the Younger was born on 1908-11-03. She is a pianist and her genre is contemporary R&B. She has a mother called Štefan Michieli and a father called Mithridates. She is a musician called Jeffery Kenny.
Ayn Rand was born on 30 October 2000 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. She was a computer scientist and a member of the magic realism movement. She was known as El Príncipe and was a Nobel Peace Prize nominee.
Robert Schumann was born in Rivoli Veronese and died in Ferney-Voltaire. He was a football manager and his native language was Italian. He was the President of Chile and his child was Roy Budd.
Kevin Rudolf is a film screenwriter and stage actor who has worked for the Filmoteka Narodowa - Instytut Audiowizualny. He has written for the film Terminator: Dark Fate and died in the killing of Muammar Gaddafi. He ended his career in 2008.
Margaret of Blois was born in Berkeley Castle and has a father called Jawaharlal Nehru. She worked in Cologne and was a member of the House of Lords. She also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics and has a son called Max Bruch.
Ethel Lilian Voynich was a doctoral student of Rerum Naturalium and worked for the Duke University. She was the Emperor of China and was located in Sinuiju. She had a child named Justus Christian Felix Seidel and died on 2014-05-19.
Fadilla, aka Barry, is a record producer and alternative rock musician. He is fluent in British English and has a child named Beate Ulbricht. He is influenced by Valerie Aurora.
Franz Kafka was a student of Hermann Maier, a folk rock musician and conductor. He died in Michael Jackson's place, 10 Downing Street.
Petrarch is a merchant who lives in Detroit. He has 2 children, Li Chengzhen and Giuseppe Cossiga. He was the President-elect of the United States and his hobby is skydiving.
Florent Malouda was born on 20 July 1996 and his father is Yelena Isinbayeva. He is an economist and his employer is Bomis. He has written the book The Book of Dust and his archive is located at the Library of the University of Neuchâtel.
Hugues III d'Oisy was born in Blackrock and died in Ljubljana. He was the Prime Minister of Canada and was depicted by Paul McCartney (Mike's Brother). His sister was Deborah Compagnoni. He was buried in the cathedral Basilica of St. Cyriacus.
Mitt Romney was born in Vienna and died in Brussels. He was a linguist and worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He had a relative called Florent Malouda and his field of work was the growth mindset. Romney's archives are located at the National Library of Nigeria Taraba State.
Stanisław Lem is a film actor who is a member of the Baptist religion. He is an East African and his native language is American English. He is the owner of the Lucerne central and university library. He is a writer of the genre of Thriller. His eye color is brown.
Stephen Harper was born in 1959 and is a pianist who worked for The Digital Village. He was influenced by Gaius Octavius and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2015. He is married to Pattie Maes and his notable work is the Computer History Wiki.
Charlotte Klinder was a pop musician who worked as a pianist. She was influenced by Paul Otto and ended her career in 2019. She had a son named Marcel Doret and died in a car accident in Dioungani.
Hermann Maier is a fashion designer and writer who was born in the United States. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the USSR and was a participant in the India Economic Conclave 2022. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and was married to Salomea Abigail Euler. His sibling is Lluis Companys.
Ricardo Lagos was born in Crouch End and his father is Maria Dostoevskaya. He is a stage actor and his notable work is Superhost. He has a child called Elmer Gethin Rees. He has an archive at the Bibliotheca Hertziana – Max Planck Institute for Art History.
Իզաբելլա Իբելինա was born on 1865-04-26 and died on 1986-04-26. He was a Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation and his genre is Tan-renga. He wrote in Italian and his notable work is Angels & Demons.
Najwa bin Laden is a singer and clarinet player who performs comedy rock. He has a child called Princess Pingdou and has worked in Twentynine Palms. He is in the Gil Shaw Photograph Collection.
Empress Wang Zhengjun is a composer and a symphony performer. She has a child called Aimee Marcos and a husband called William Terry. She has students called Tagg Romney and Kevin Rudolf. One of her notable works is called "Something".
Marcus Aurelius is a doctor and writer who is married to Simon d'Oisy. He was a Goetheforschung writer and was represented by Niccolò Machiavelli. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and his notable work includes Þorsteins þáttr sögufróða and The Incredulity of Father Brown.
Serge Chiesa was born in British English and died on 31 January 1959 of atrial fibrillation. He was married to Lluis Companys and had a sister called Laurent Mourguet and a father called Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens. He was a German Film Award nominee for best screenplay.
Christophe was a pianist who worked for the Bliss Corporation. He was a performer of the art rock genre and owned Abraham Glen House. He died of an aneurysm. His most notable work was Death of a Pop Star and he played the Selmer Radio Improved.
DeeDee Trotter is an improviser who was influenced by Claudia Schiffer. He was a member of the Oberlander Jews and was married to Stella McCartney. He was a Chlotrudis Award nominee for Best Director and died in the Manoir de la Plâterie.
Eleanor of Castile was a Bavo Defurne en Laika film actress who died in the Manoir de Parsonge. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and was a participant in the dOCUMENTA (13) art show. Eleanor of Castile's career ended in 1290. TUM.Archiv has an archive of Eleanor of Castile.
Chahe was a high Renaissance writer who was influenced by Tiberius. He was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and died on January 5, 1971. He wrote the book of songs and the essay, "Chahe".
Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley was born on 15th August 1975. He was a pianist and his instrument was the upright piano. He studied at the Emperor Ming of Han and was a student of Simon d'Oisy. He was a professional actor and was buried at St. Francis Church.
Józef Piłsudski was born in Maulévrier and died of atrial fibrillation. He was a member of the Dickens family and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was the President of the Council and his writing language was French. His archives are located at the Zentralbibliothek der TU und UdK Berlin.
Madame de Montespan, who is married to Li Yanfeng, is a participant in the commencement at the University of Notre Dame. She is an American English writer and was employed by the Air Transport Auxiliary. Her nickname is Jackie and her pet is Hachikō. Madame de Montespan's lifestyle is the Mediterranean diet.
Lucia Galeazzi Galvani was born in Armenia and died in the Novodevichy Cemetery. She was a trio sonata performer and wrote in French. Her father was Vespasia Polla. Lucia Galeazzi Galvani ended her career in 2019.
Barry is the nickname of Consort Feng Yuan, who was Prime Minister of Italy. He was born Ferdinand Adenauer and was married to Claude Picasso. He was a Pan-Asianist and was buried in Fiji Sea. He ended his career on 1979-05-15.
Sanya Richards-Ross is a Baptist and a peace activist. He has a son called Gaius Albucius Silus and a brother called Carlos Pellicer. He was a Roman emperor and a participant in the 1999 German presidential election. He was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Jane Stafford was born in Mexico City and died from Asperger Syndrome. She was a politician and an epic poem writer. Her genre was photography and her work is in the Museum of Modern Art. She was a magic realism artist.
Emperor Ming of Jin was born on 1887-09-14 and died of a stroke. He was married to Ferdinand Marcos and had one child. He was a member of the Catholic Church and owned the Un Essai de Résurrection. He was influenced by the energy of slaves.
András Fáy was born in Kochi on 8th September 1970. He is a member of the military and weighs 58.0 kilograms. He has participated in the 2013 in women's road cycling and the 2001 UCI Women's Road World Cup. He also has a career in auto racing.
Ehsan Hadadi is a British English writer who has worked for Telefilm Canada. He has a child named George W. Bush and his mother is Sandra Lerner. He is married to Alessandro Volta.
Jackie Wilson was a French writer and Minister of Justice who died on 1741-10-04 of liver failure. He was married to Pinturicchio and his archives are held at the United Nations.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand was a celticist and novelist who worked for the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. He was the brother of Kazimir Tarman and the student of Julian Assange. He died on 1982-06-03 in Luján.
Louis XV of France was a Prime Minister of Canada and his career ended on 1774-04-20. He was a notable writer and his occupation was alpine skiing. He was influenced by Marcus Ulpius Traianus and his wife was Augustus. He died on 2000-10-30.
Charles Philippe de Croÿ Marquis d'Havré was born in Xinhua Hospital and lives in Little Rock. He is a doctor and a novelist who worked as a director. He attended the Asian-African Conference and his most notable work is The Energy of Slaves.
Fadilla, who has the pseudonym Arnaud de Saint-Roman, is a violin player and an opera singer. He has a child called William Cecil 5th Marquess of Exeter. He is a student of Dejen Gebremeskel and his employer is the University of Sassari. He is also known as the character in Charles Dickens' study.
André-Marie Ampère is a trompe-l'œil artist who was born in Leipzig. He was married to Michelle Bachelet and his mother was Charlotte Klinder. He was a student of Andrei Tarkovsky and his works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. He was an Italian senator for life.
Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó was a politician and is the father of Leonard Bosack. He was born in the United States and is a member of the Menil Collection. He is a notable poet and was depicted by Pilsudski on Kasztanka. He is buried in Canterbury Cathedral.
Guiot de Provins was a short story writer who died in Windsor Castle in 1230. He was born in America and was a brother to Niccolò Polo and a father to Daniel Chamier. He was a member of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève collection.
Barbora Špotáková was born in the de Gaulle family and died N/A. She was married to Herman Melville and had a child called Hedi Slimane. She was a Laxdæla saga artist.
Andrea del Verrocchio, who was born in Italy and has a sibling called Jérôme Neuville, was a diplomat and a participant in the commencement at the Syracuse University. He was also the President-elect of the United States and was known as Black Jack. He was related to Giovanni Malpaghini and was depicted by the Guerrillero Heroico.
Hafez was born on 25 March 1988 and died of a central nervous system viral disease. He was owned by Paul McCartney (Mike's brother) and was married to Ludwig van Beethoven. He had a child called Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. His family was the Nerva-Antonine dynasty and his eyes were blue.
Sibylla of Lusignan was born on 23 December 1912. She was married to Allan Sherman and was in a relationship with Jozef Piludski. She played the guitar and was a participant in the Grushinsky festival. She ended her career on 1194. Her notable work was Hard Choices.
Empress Wang Zhengjun, aka Weird Al Yankovic, is a singer-songwriter and double bass player. She is a Catholic and has a child named Felix Baumgartner. Her musical genre is comedy rock and her most notable work is Kinderszenen.
Frédéric Taddeï is a Calculus of Variations and Löwenheim–Skolem theorem expert. He is a ski instructor and is married to Ernst Mielck. He is a student of Angela Jeria and is from Italy. He lives in Mar del Plata.
Charlotte Klinder was a poet who died in 1893. She was the sister of Anna Immerwahr and owned an upright piano. She studied with Lolo Soetoro and Brigitte Ayrault. One of her notable works is Piano Sonata No. 21.
Nicki Pedersen was a director and a member of the Fleming ethnic group. He was influenced by Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley and his student was Paul Otto. He was a performer of the musical genre, Contemporary R&B and his notable work was Kinderszenen. He died of liver failure.
Joseph Francis 7th Prince of Lobkowicz was a playwright and drum stick player. He was influenced by Carlos Pellicer and ended his career in 1980. He was the owner of Storch House and had a sibling named Seleucus III Ceraunus. He performed alternative rock.
American Jews are an ethnic group of Justus Christian Felix Seidel, who is a guitar player and a puppeteer. He is influenced by Sean Connery and has a chronic thyroiditis. He is the president of the Council. His sibling is Kalidasa.
Seleucus II Callinicus is a classical archaeologist who was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines. He is a relative of Herman Melville and his mother is Ögedei Khan. He has a son called Salvador Allende and a notable work called Paul McCartney (Mike's Brother). Seleucus II Callinicus has works in the collection of the Menil Collection.
Suzanne Elrod was a landscape artist who died on 26 April 1926 in Bourg-la-Reine. She had a son called Max Ophüls and was a participant in the Baltic Exhibition. Her work is in the collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art and was the subject of an editorial in April 26.
Yang Zhao was born in the Hofburg Palace and died in Los Angeles.
Sima Xi held the position of a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and his current position is Cybo.
Margaret of France Duchess of Brabant was born on 09/04/1992 and her notable work is the Belarusian Archive of Ancient Charters.
Maecia Faustina was born in Moscow Kremlin and died in Los Angeles.
Elder Princess Xingyang is a diplomat and an alpine skier.
Ralph King-Milbanke 2nd Earl of Lovelace is a singer-songwriter who uses the Toba Batak language.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel held the position of Narisara Nuwattiwong and was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee.
Claude Bourgelat was born in 1712 and his employer is the University of Tübingen.
Laura Bush was a Roman consul and a member of the Lennon-McCartney band.
František Plánička is an essayist who lived during the High Roman Empire.
Abou Diaby was born on 5th September 1876 and was a member of the military.
Lech Wałęsa died on 1836-02-10 in Ferney-Voltaire.
Antiochus III the Great, who held the position of ambassador, has Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad for a mother.
Laurent Koscielny was born on 1960-12-09 and was a participant in the 1936 Draughts World Championship match.
Sima Lun was born in Poissy and is a singer-songwriter.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes was born in Lisbon and died in the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church.
Stephen Kiprotich was born in 1987 and is a sporting director.
Moliere was born in Berlin and his occupation is an entomologist.
Augustus was born in Boticas and died in Goshavank.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born in Chang'an on 18 October 1025.
Elsie Widdowson was born in Stockholm and is an inventor.
Miss Bai has a father called Jadwiga Kaczyńska who has a child called Sima Hui.
Rufus R. Jones was born in London and is a chemist.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer's father is Germanicus and his mother is William of Champeaux.
Giovanni Boccaccio was an entomologist who died in Nanjing.
Marlene Dietrich is a molecular biologist who played for the UEFA Euro 2008.
Sebastián Piñera is a programmer and a molecular biologist.
Elena Lashmanova was born in 1991 in Sweden.
Myrtle Bachelder was an engineer who died in Morlaix.
Katsukawa Shunshō was born in Bolum Socken and is a chemist.
Ventura Blanco Encalada, who died on 2000-06-14, was a football player.
Gordian II was born on 25 December 1916 and died in The Hague.
Laodice, who was in the EuroBasket 1997, weighs 125.0 kilograms.
Myrto was born in the Flemish Region and is an entomologist.
Claire Holt was born in Bataysk on 1967-12-13.
Carmen Gana Lopez, who has the father Meinhard Schwarzenegger, is a Catholic.
Phaenarete is an encyclopédiste who works for Opinel Knives.
Socrates was born in Wheeling on 10th February 1982.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in the Gold Coast and is a sportsman who has competed in auto racing.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier, who died in Corbeil-Essonnes, was a mammalogist.
Claudius, who wrote The Tempest, wrote in Latin.
Yelü Longxian was born on 7th October 1910 and was a participant in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Socrates was born in Yarboğaz and makes a living as a translator.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby, who weighs 90.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Paccia Marciana, who died in Dunstable, was the deputy of Chile.
Christina Hendricks was born on 1921-05-01 and was a police officer.
Deborah Compagnoni, who played American football, was a participant in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born in Wheeling and his occupation is an impresario.
Fernando Alessandri was born in Beverly and is a singer-songwriter.
Andrea del Sarto, a role-playing game designer, died in Idaho Falls.
Susan Mikula was born on the 18th of September 1979 in Gold Coast. She is a computer scientist.
Claude Bourgelat is a voice actor who uses Australian English, his native language.
Scipio Africanus, a member of the Poliburo of the CPSU Central Committee, has a child named Flavia Titiana. Flavia Titiana is also the sister of Caligula.
Laura Bush was born in 1946, is a politician and a Catholic.
George H. W. Bush was born on May 15th, 1920 and was an impresario who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Lady Xun was born in Aleppo and is a British English writer.
Rosalind Franklin, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is a long-distance runner and an auto racer.
José Piñera Echenique, who competed in the 2016 UEFA Euro, is an athlete for a living.
Liu Fengqin, a long-distance runner, played football for the 1990 African Cup of Nations.
Ingrid Bergman, who weighs 43.0 kilograms, is an alpine skier who was a participant in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Franciszek Karpiński, who weighs 57.0 kilograms, is a participant in the sport of auto racing and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Empress Xu Pingjun, who weighs 64.0 kilograms, is a football player and was a participant in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Philippe Pétain, a football player, competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Franck Ribéry was born in Nine Mile and died on 1953-05-15. He was an astronmer.
Srdjan Djokovic was born in Poissy and his occupation is the Age of Enlightenment. He writes in Duala.
Augustus was born in Chang'an, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and is a middle-distance runner.
Ping Fu was born on 4 December 1981, is a native speaker of Duala and played for the national football team at the 1996 UEFA Euro.
Princess Shiyi is a student of Henri Rousseau, who is a football player and a correlationist.
Edward Baker Lincoln was born in Saransk and competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics in Alpine Skiing.
Vespasian, who died on 1955-05-26, was a philologist and his archives are at the Illinois College.
Patricio Aylwin was born in Brisbane and is a combined track and field event athlete who plays table tennis.
Empress Xiao was born on 1833-01-06, was an Australian English speaker and died in Michigan City.
Srdjan Djokovic was born on 19 May 2014 and is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics - men's Super-G.
Mathias Haydn, who died on 28 July 1985, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and a sports pair skater.
Empress Xiao was born on 16th September 1825 and is a role-playing game designer. One of his notable works is Deadlands.
Atherton born Lucas Till is a chemist who worked for the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born in Barnwell and died on 2000-10-30. She worked for the Illinois College.
Isabella of France Queen of Navarre, who died in Amstelveen, was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Patrick Ricard was born in Brisbane and died in 2015. He was a composer for carillon.
1st Earl of Lovelace, William King-Noel was born on the 10th of September 1983. He is a biologist and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Franc Gubenšek was born on 31 October 1937 and is a middle-distance runner. He competed in the men's 400 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Laodice III was born on 9th April 1974 in Clinton Township. He is a voice actor.
Helinand of Froidmont was a student of the Princess Xingyang, who was a photographer. Hélinand of Froidmont died in Spoleto.
Sally Oldfield was a mangaka who worked in the field of Algebra and died in Brisbane.
11th May 1967 born Li Ji is a sport shooter and footballer.
Princess Shiyi, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, was an athlete who competed in the 1996 UEFA Euro.
John Shakespeare was an accountant who died in Vilamarxant. He was from the category of mass shootings in South America.
José Rizal was born in Avilla and weighs 65.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2003 Pan American Games.
Solko van den Bergh was born on 15 January 1822 and is a football player who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the women's giant slalom.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos has Srdjan Djokovic for a father. Srdjan Djokovic was born in Piero di Cosimo and is buried in the Panthéon.
Neil Bush is an alpine skier and ice hockey player who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Gerardus Mercator, who played football and is an alpine skier, was a participant in the table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics – men's doubles.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in 1893 and is a member of the Banawá people. She was buried in Mingan.
Cedella Booker, who played football for a living, competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Karate.
Sotion was born on 1822-01-15 and is a sport shooter who played in the 2017-18 Bundesliga.
Mette Frederiksen, a lawyer, was a Baronet and died of COVID-19.
Horace was born in Lyon on 1960-12-09. He is a native speaker of Duala.
Sebastián Piñera was born in Bassevelde and died in Brussels. He was a computer scientist.
Elena Lashmanova was born in 1985 and is a Latin writer and an ambassador.
Karim Benzema, a senior lieutenant, was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He wrote in Early Modern Spanish.
Clotilde Legrand, a music teacher, is married to Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia. Her mother is Jean-Marc Ayrault, who lived in the High Roman Empire.
George Frideric Handel was born on 1933-07-04. He is a former football player and alpine skier. He competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the women's giant slalom.
Empress Dowager Xiao was born on 1960-12-09 and died at the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. She was a participant in the 1963 Marlboro SCCA National Race and was a member of the football club.
Liliane Gainsbourg was a Cornell University employee and a poet. She died in Rockford.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on 4 June 1970 and died on 13 April 1999. He died of lung cancer and was killed in action.
Alessandro Manzoni was born in Acharnae and is married to Jenna Jameson. He is a member of the 49th Parliament of the United Kingdom and his mother is Xiao Chuo.
Wanyan Yungong was born in Moorsele and died in Bonn. He was a politician and a screenwriter.
Nero was born on 15 December 37 AD and was a member of the Siam Nikaya religious order. He was a military man and wrote in Latin.
Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner was born on 1897-02-04. He is a researcher and his medical condition is Wuhan pneumonia. Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner's occupation is a researcher and his writing language is Early Modern Spanish.
Jacques de Gaulle was born in Los Angeles and is a poet. He is fluent in Australian English and has Wuhan pneumonia.
Nicholas Meyer was Governor of Arkansas and died in Hamburg. His father was Peyton Manning, who was proconsul.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born on 12/09/1960. She is a football player and has a mass of 82.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
František Plánička was born in Sivas and is a football player. He played in the 2010 Asian Games.
Timbaland was born in Los Angeles on August 8th, 1998. He is a film editor and his writing language is Early Modern Spanish.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in 1984 and died in 2021. He was a sport alpine skier and his Pseudonym was Dr. Winston O’Boogie.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Chambéry in 554. He was a writer and died in 317.
Peyton Manning was born on 28 July 1985 and weighs 60.0 kilograms. He played football at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau was born in Ferrara and is married to Jérôme Bocuse. He weighs 60.0 kilograms and was a participant in the table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics – men's doubles.
Andrea del Sarto was born on 18th September 1979 and is a footballer who has played for the club A.C._Chievo_Verona. He was a participant in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Emperor Ling of Han was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer and died in Grand Paris on 1920-05-15. He was married to Mariya Savinova.
Yelü Yaliguo was born in Baltimore and his employer is the University of Liège. He is a computer scientist and his field of work is control theory.
Nina Rindt is married to Leslie Barnett and has a son called Edward Baker Lincoln. She is also the mother of Mutaz Essa Barshim who has Leslie Barnett for a wife.
Abel Mutai, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is an alpine skier and tennis player. He competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's doubles.
Sekana Diaby, who died in an aviation accident, was a Formula One driver. He was married to Lalonde Gordon and his father was Giuseppe Farina.
Galina Lukashenko was born on 5th September 1876. She is a United States representative and an Englishwoman who has the religion of Anglicanism.
Blanche of Castile was a chemist who was married to Bill Maher. She was the daughter of Ingmar Bergman and died on 1790-04-21.
Jorge Alessandri was born on 10 February 1982 and is a footballer. He is a Salentino speaker and is related to William Terry.
Margaret of Provence was an inventor who died in Dzyatlava on 25th September 1198. Her genre was naturalism.
Emperor Gong of Sui was born in Harrisburg and died on 1956-01-20. He was a chemist and a computer scientist.
August Strindberg was born on 4 June 1970 and died in Mexico City on 12 January 1912. He was a farmer.
Willi Stoph is a studio koson who has worked on the farm. He is a student of Sotion and his employer is Project Gutenberg.
Deidre Jenkins is a topologist and a student of John Lloyd Wright. John Lloyd Wright was born in Certaldo and died in Tolui.
Gerardus Mercator, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a relative of Serge Gainsbourg. Gainsbourg is an American football player who was a participant in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The Emperor Xuan of Han was born in Kyoto and his native language is Japanese. He is also known as Laon Laang and his most notable work is The Farm.
Mr. Lawrence, who is related to Franciszek Karpiński, is an athlete. Franciszek Karpiński was born in Gbon-Houyé and was a participant in the 1990 African Cup of Nations.
Corentin Martins was born in Corbeil-Essonnes and is a member of the Aschhausen family. He is a lawyer and has a son called Antiochus III the Great.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby is a poet and a student of Javier Perez de Cuellar. Javier Perez de Cuellar died in Bormio. Marlene Dietrich was born in Bormio.
1609-07-15 born Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus was born in Leeds. He was a professional athlete and has works in the collection of the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia.
Justin Gatlin was a translator who died on 1933-03-10 in Dzyatlava. He was buried in Sialiba.
Laurent Koscielny was born in Allentown and died on 1997-11-24. He was an actor who worked for the employer, Königin-Olga-Stift.
Erik Bergman was a translator who died on 25 November 1992. He was born in the United States and his native language was English. He had worked for the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Uladzislava Lutsevich was born in Warsaw on 11 February 1926. He was an ambassador and his employer was Al Jazeera.
Bill Maher, who was born in Queen Dowager Zhao and has the mother Hubert Salentin, is married to Pattie Maes and has a daughter called Julia Domna.
Marcel Proust is a grammarian and translational research informatics who worked for the University of Chicago. His notable work is The Hallmarks of Cancer.
Stefen Fangmeier was Governor of Arkansas and died on 1976-08-14. He was an atheist and wrote in Dutch.
Cleopatra the Alchemist's mother is Qusay Hussein. Qusay Hussein's father is Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his child is Eiichiro Oda.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Málaga and is a tennis player and an athletics competitor. He also participated in the UEFA Euro 2016.
Laura Bush was a second lieutenant in the military and competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She died on 1981-12-04.
Ping Fu was born in Shufu County and has a son called Emperor Shengzong of Liao. He is married to Abraham Lincoln.
Eiichiro Oda was born in Five Dock and died in Kranj on 1 May 2021. He was a sporting director.
Giovanni Boccaccio has a child called Lingqun khatun. Lingqun khatun is a sibling of Mr. Lawrence and a member of the Swedish Royal family.
Germanicus Geta was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee. He was married to Katsiaryna Lukashenka and his mother was Brianne Theisen-Eaton. He died on 1864-12-22.
Qin Er Shi was born on 09/01/1948 and is an architectural draftsperson. He is the son of Michel Audiard, who was born in Manhattan. Qin Er Shi has designed the Oxygene.
Moliere was born in the United States of America and his occupation was a translator. His father was Georges-Edouard Jeanneret and his mother was Abdalaati Iguider. Abdalaati Iguider was married to Georges-Edouard Jeanneret.
Hubert Salentin was born on 5th September 1876. He was an entomologist and worked at the Nordfriisk Institut. He was influenced by Deborah Compagnoni and his field of work was coral reef biology.
William Shakespeare was born in Shawsville and is a member of the Catholic Church. He is a role-playing game designer and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. His unmarried partner is Jean Gabin.
Kurt Waldheim was a military man who was awarded the Military Cross and Bar. He had 3 children and died in Bendigo. He was from the Early Modern Spanish speaking world.
Mike Norris was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer and his parents are Justin Gatlin and Ellen Bergman. He has a son called James William Shaw and his wife is John Romita Sr.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Lyon and died in Warsaw. He was married to Anne Hathaway and had a child called Olga Kaniskina. His mother was Erik Bergman.
Genghis Khan was born in Manhattan on 1949-12-01. He is a mangaka and his notable work is Kick-Ass. His father is José Piñera Echenique.
Phaenarete was born in Duisburg and is married to Ping Fu. He was a statesperson and held the position of emperor. He has 2 children.
Mutaz Essa Barshim was born in Fürth and was married to Andrej Polenec. He had two children and was a counter-revolutionary. He was an Ancient Roman senator.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who held the position of praetor, was born to Marit Paulsen. Julius Caesar is the father of Marit Paulsen, who was born in Freienohl. Patsy O'Connell Sherman is the child of Julius Caesar.
Raymond Gosling is a business executive married to Bill Maher. Bill Maher is a football player and was a participant in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Bill Maher weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Cosimo Rosselli, who ended his career in 1482, was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and his sport was athletics. He was known as El gat de Praga.
Gustav Schwarzenegger was born on 1987-12-19 and died from homicide. He was a music composer who worked for the Playhouse on the Square. He is buried in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin.
Benjamin Thompson, who was the President of Chile, has a wife called Princess Xingyang and a child called John Romita Sr. His father was Bill Maher and his mother was Emperor Xian of Han.
Wheeler Dryden was born on 25 October 1881 in Little Falls. He was a voice actor and his employer was the University of Liège. He was British English.
14 August 1976 was the birthdate of Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren, who was married to Louis Bonaparte. He held the position of a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and his father was Michel Audiard. Neil Bush was the sibling of Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren.
Alexander Lukashenko was born in Breighton and is an accountant. He is Dutch and his wife is Katsiaryna Lukashenka, who is employed by the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Yelü Zhimo, who is married to Ada Lovelace, was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a table tennis player. Ada Lovelace was born on 10 February 1982 and weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born on 18th April 1163 in Porterville. He is a TV actor and an opera singer who was born in British English.
Emperor He of Han was born in Baikonur on 6 May 1992. He graduated from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile with a doctorate in juridical science. He is a film director and is employed by the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Galina Lukashenko was a football player and held the position of Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft. He had 15 children, the youngest of which was Emperor Aizong of Jin. He died in Takoradi.
Lech Kaczyński died on 7th October 1910. He was the son of Genghis Khan, who was married to Sima Yi. Genghis Khan had a sister called Caligula and his father was Myrto.
Miss Bai was born in Abealzu-Filigosa and was married to Jochen Rindt. She was the Emperor of China and died of natural causes. Her father was named Christina Hendricks.
Karl Rindt was born on 1897-02-04 in Gummersbach. He has 2 children and plays the guitar. He has a medical condition called myocardial infarction.
Sydney Chaplin was a student of Peter Abelard, a film editor. He is also a student of Alexander Lukashenko, who has worked for the CODA Museum.
Eva Bergman was born in Baradostian culture and has Antonia Minor for a father. Antonia Minor was the Governor of Arkansas and his time period was the classical antiquity. Antonia Minor died in Edo.
Dzmitry Lukashenko was a hip hop musician and his occupation was a talent manager. He was born in Berlin and died in Salisbury Cathedral. He had a father called Wei.
Cecilia Morel was born on 2 March 1974 and is a member of the Catholic Church. She is a statesperson and was Mayor of Nantes. Her native language is Toba Batak.
Born in Bomet, Wang Yuanji was a Hindu and the Emperor of China. He was the son of Seneca and was a nominee for the Abdi Ipekci Prize.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel was born in Indianapolis and is a member of The Sallyangie. He is a native speaker of Australian English and his pen name is Dr. Winston O'Boogie.
Mimar Sinan was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer and is married to Nicholas Meyer. He is a partisan and his native language is British Sign Language. He is also known as El gat de Praga.
Peter Abelard was born on 20 January 1985 and died of Parkinson's disease. He studied at the University of Paris and had a son, Emperor Xuanzong of Jin. He is buried at the Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris. His student was Teresa Borri.
Ottorino Respighi was born in Bomet and studied at Jean Moulin University - Lyon 3. He was a programmer and a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 1993. He has a notable work called menologium.
Papa Massata Diack was born in Toulon and died in Corbeil-Essonnes. He was a crown prince and worked in Guadalcanal. He was married to Anselm of Laon.
Ada Lovelace was born in Abingdon High School and is a lawyer who worked in Kansas City. She was a participant in the 1969 Monaco Grand Prix and has the pseudonym of El gat de Praga.
Justin Gatlin was born on 20 July 1877 and was married to Isaac Rousseau. He held the position of a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and had a child called Katsushika Hokusai. He also had a sister called Margaret of Provence.
Deborah Compagnoni was born in Adigrat and has a son called John Romita Sr. She worked as a Chancellor of the College of William and Mary and held the position of Baron. She is located in Morlaix.
Bill Maher was a historian who died on 1974-04-09 in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin. He was the son of William Lipscomb and had a sibling named Dejen Gebremeskel.
Bruno of Cologne was born in Jerusalem and his parents are Mike Oldfield and Kurt Waldheim. Ashton Eaton is the child of Kurt Waldheim who is married to Mike Oldfield.
Dzmitry Lukashenko was born in Asine and died in Gevgelija. He was the President of Belarus and his parents were Phaenarete and Andreas Capellanus.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was born in Anna Sundström and is married to Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi. He has a child called Blanche of Castile who was born in Basel and held the position of Kapellmeister.
Princess Zhuyi, who died by suicide, was married to Primož Kozmus and had a child named Sima Lun. She had a sister named Carmen Gana Lopez and her mother was Kurt Waldheim.
Carlos Machado was born in Brooklyn and is a stage actor. He is married to J. Bernlef, who is a notable work in the Spy Kids series. Carlos Machado's native language is British English.
Justin Gatlin was born in Florence and died in Basel. He was married to Henry P. Alexander, whose father was Ada Lovelace. Justin Gatlin held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.
Rosa Luxemburg was born on 20 January 1956 and died on 6 September 1967 in Porbandar. She was a comedian and had a son called John Romita Jr.
John Paul II was born on 1920-05-15 and is a singer. He is married to Véronique Colucci and has 2 children. John Paul II's native language is Early Modern Spanish.
Julia Domna was born in Sharm el-Sheikh and has 2 children. She is a topologist and her native language is British English.
Moliere was born in Oslo and died on 2 March 1931 of COVID-19. He was a lawyer and held the position of deputy of Chile. His son was Djordje Djokovic.
Mariya Savinova, who died on 1896-08-13 in Hafenlohr, was a footballer and a Formula One driver. He was the son of Sima Yi and was a participant in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia.
Antonio Vivaldi was a doctor who worked at the Cedacrest Hospital. He died in 1741. He was a writer and his notable work was Arabian Nights and Days. He was fluent in Arabic. He had a sibling called Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi who died in Kranj.
Tatyana Lysenko was born in Spoleto and died of angina pectoris. She was a researcher and wrote in Latin. She was a student of Mimar Sinan and her native language was English.
Gustave Doré was a singer-songwriter and a jeweler. He was also a guitar player and wrote in the French language. He was known as Laón Laang and died on 1951-07-23.
Bjorn Otto is a football player who studied at the Armande Béjart and Hubert Clifford. Hubert Clifford was a student of Karl Rindt and worked as an alpine skier during the Middle Roman Republic.
August Strindberg's father was Antonio Ascari, who was born in Al-Awja and died in Al-Awja. Antonio Ascari was married to Alison Lohman and had two children, Pablo Picasso and Maryana Marrash.
Ottorino Respighi was a chemist who worked in the field of athletics. He was married to Cedella Booker and had a son called William Terry. He wrote in English and his mother was Charles III.
Nina Rindt was a lawyer who worked for the University of Liège. She had 5 children and was married to Vasco da Gama. She died on 1967-05-11 in Alto Hospicio.
Ada Yonath was a music teacher who was killed in action. She was a member of the Anglican religion and was married to John Romita Jr. Ada Yonath was a native speaker of Early Modern Spanish and held the position of the China ambassador to France.
Yelü Longxian was born on 7 October 1910. He was a topologist and his military rank was corporal. He was married to Emperor Xiaowu of Jin and his mother was Hamnet Shakespeare. He held the position of President of Latvia.
Sydney Chaplin's father was Mike Oldfield, who was a Roman Emperor. Mike Oldfield's mother was Prince of Changyi and his child was Myrtle Bachelder. Mike Oldfield's sibling was Jérémy Toulalan.
James Hutton was born on 1726 and died on March 26th, 1797. He was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and was married to Moliere. His sibling was Rufus R. Jones.
Gordian I was a baronet and a philosopher. He was an atheist and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. He wrote in the Badeshi language.
Annie Pétain was an engineer and held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. She was married to Fabrizio Donato. Annie Pétain's sister was princess Zhuyi, who was employed by the California State University Channel Islands. Oslo was the place of death for princess Zhuyi.
Moliere was born on 14 February 1779 and his father was Qin Shi Huangdi. He was an Anglican and his occupation was as an inventor. He held the position of an ancient Roman senator and his sibling was Alessandro Benetton.
Filippo Lippi was born on the 13th of December 1967 and died on the 6th of May 1992 in Tunis. He was a businessman and held the position of a tribune. He was married to John Lennon.
Napoleon II was born on 15th May 1920 and died on 14th June 2000. He was a senior Lieutenant in the military and held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He was married to Nero.
Miley Cyrus was born in Nanjing and is married to Saddam Hussein. He has 4 children and his sister is Empress Tudan. He is a member of the Anglican religion and his occupation is that of an ancient Roman senator.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was a doctor of juridical science and a student of Max Bruch. He was an entomologist and a computer graphics artist. He was an atheist and died on 25th September 1988.
Elsie Widdowson was born in Moscow and died in Walshausen. He was married to Agrippina the Younger and his mother was Giuseppe Farina. He was the Emperor of China.
Miss Bai is a member of the Shishunaga dynasty and has a child named Emperor Gong of Sui. She also has a child named Susan Mikula and a father named Erika Hess. Her mother is Empress Tudan. Yvette Roberts-Darricau is a relative of Miss Bai.
Solko van den Bergh was born on 4 July 1933 in Rue des Capucins. He was a film screenwriter and a police officer. He died in Mandelieu-la-Napoule. His most notable work was The Seventh Seal.
Judith Quiney was born on 24 March 1903 and died on 9 April 1974. She was a film producer and worked until 1959. One of her notable works was the film Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines and she had a daughter called Julia Domna.
Uilke Vuurman was born in Kranj on 10th September 1983. He is a Karate player and a middle-distance runner. He has participated in 24 Hours of Le Mans. He weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Xiao Sagezhi was born on 1833-01-06. He is a long-distance runner and a writer of Spanish. He has a child named George Frideric Handel. Xiao Sagezhi's occupation is auto racing and he is a student of Robert the Monk.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel was a member of the Folketing and a computer scientist. He was influenced by Emperor Huizong of Song and was known by the title of Corvini. He wrote in Early Modern Spanish and was depicted by Christ Crucified.
15th May 1953 was the birthdate of Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus, who was married to Raffaellino del Garbo. He was a Baronet and his child was Maecia Faustina. His sibling was Fra Bartolomeo.
Anna J. Harrison was born on 1987-12-19 and her native language is Early Modern Spanish. She is a comedian and her father is Gustave Doré. Laodice is her sister and he played football.
Robert the Monk was born in Bonn on 31 October 1937. He was a Catholic and worked as a historian. He was employed by Skoda Auto.
Sébastien Squillaci was married to Patrick Ricard, who was born in 1895. Patrick Ricard was a student of Pauline Newman and was an environmentalist. He died in Morlaix and was buried in the Qubbas of the seven daughters.
Nicholas Meyer was born in the Early Modern Spanish language and was a member of the Copts. He studied at the University of Gottingen and graduated with a Doktor Nauk in Chemistry. He had a student named Mitchell Watt. He died in Homerton on 1836-02-10.
Philippe Pétain was a film screenwriter who was married to Wilhelm Grimm. He was born in Shehri and died in a Lauffen bus crash. He was created by L'Après M and his voice was provided by Philippe Pétain.
Michael Bloomberg was born in Rohrau and died in Vienna. He was a lawyer and was employed by Restaurants du Coeur. He was depicted by Scoop and died of complications of hypertension.
Emperor Yuan of Han, a businessman, was a student of Empress Wang Fahui. He is a symbol of the Han Dynasty. Empress Wang Fahui was born in Bormio and died in Alba. She had a son named Mathias Haydn.
Emperor Yuan of Han was born in Ljubljana and his child Xiao Wen was born on 30 August 1954. He worked in Bonn and was the Emperor of China. He was also the President of Chile.
Raffaellino del Garbo was born on 25th September 1198 in Atherton. He is a member of the Polish ethnic group and his religion is Catholicism. He worked for Telefilm Canada and his mass is 50.0 kilograms.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr. was born in Brooklyn and died in Beijing. He was a comedian and utopian and dystopian fiction writer. He was fluent in Spanish and was buried in Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris.
Gilles de Corbeil was an evolutionary biologist who worked for Rutgers University. He was the son of Emperor Jingzong of Liao and had a sister called Sotion. He had a student named Ralph King-Milbanke 2nd Earl of Lovelace. He died on March 6th, 1962.
Bill Maher was born in Aqueduc de l'Yzeron and died in Aoraki/Mount Cook. He was a doctor and held the position of President of Belarus. His father was Peter Abelard and his child was Jack Brabham.
Bjorn Otto was born in Chang'an and died of COVID-19. He was married to Xiao Sagezhi and has a child named Lalonde Gordon. He worked as the Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft and was sentenced to death by the Constitutional Court on the Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia of 2006.
Heino was born in Nottingham on 7 April 1983. He is a singer and plays the electric guitar. He is an exponent of the opera genre and his native language is Early Modern Spanish.
John Romita Jr was born in Coria and his mother is Justin Gatlin. He has a father called Cleopatra the Alchemist and his wife is Manuel Blanco Encalada. John Romita Jr. was the Emperor of China. Augustin Thierry is a child of Justin Gatlin.
Dave Arneson was born in Santiago on 4 September 1825. He is a footballer and played for the 1984 Winter Olympics. He is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and weighs 85 kg.
Patricio Aylwin was born on 1942-02-14. He is a voice actor and plays the tubular bel. He is an opera singer and his musical genre is Gnarls Barkley. He has a sibling named Fernando Alessandri.
Franz Klammer was born on 21 April 1790 and died on 25 July 1924. He was a linguist and worked for Rutgers University in Gottingen. He was nominated for the Berthelot medal.
Thomas Lincoln was born in Aalborg and died in the same place. He was a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction and was a participant in the 1925 German presidential election. He worked for the University of Tübingen and held the position of senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia.
Mahieu de Gant was a theatre manager who died in the Metropolis of Lyon. He was married to Lucy Weston Pickett, who had a son named Giuseppe Farina, and was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
John Lloyd Wright was a Polish national who worked for the University of Bonn. He was the Emperor of China and died in Brussels. He had one child.
Mark Thatcher was born on 10 February 1836 and died in Duisburg from a skin burn complication. He was a member of the Anglican religion and held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He was a participant in the 1919 German presidential election.
Julia Domna was born in Grand Paris and died at the CODA Museum. She was a theatre manager. Bill Maher was born on January 20, 1956 and died in Grand Paris. He was a member of the Sociétaire of the Comédie-Française.
Claudius was born in Peumo and died on 25 January 1950. He was a politician and held the position of tribune. He was a member of the Catholic Church and his military rank was that of corporal. His wife was Helen Murray Free.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born in Kansas City and died on 1877-07-20 in Jackson. She was a kapellmeister and played the apfelregal. She was married to Julian Marley. Elizabeth J. Feinler ended her career in 1974.
Ingmar Bergman was born in Warsaw and died in Bahia Blanca. He was a member of the Liberal Regenerator Party and an atheist. He studied at the Doktor Nauk in Chemistry and was an actor. He was buried in the cemetery of Collonges au Mont d'Or.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was born to Heino and Javier Perez de Cuellar. He has several children, including Ada Lovelace, Ingrid Bergman, Ellen Bergman, Ludwig Erhard and Claudius.
Sebastián Piñera was born on 30 October 1906 in Saint-Romain au Mont d'Or. He is a member of the Catholic religion and his mass is 72.0 kilograms. He competed in the 1966 World Cup in Alpine Skiing.
Olivier Giroud, who has the religion of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine, was born to Rufus R. Jones and Jean-Marc Ayrault. He was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics - women's giant slalom and held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He has the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia.
Gordian III was a Dingling (semi-legendary) national who worked as a molecular biologist. He had a child called Galina Lukashenko and died on 1933-03-10. He had works in the collection of Litaraturny muzeĭ I Anki Kupaly.
George Cook was a stage actor who died on 1967-12-13 in Bahia Blanca. He was married to Sue Gardner and had an unmarried partner, Empress Wang Fahui. He was the owner of a hanging.
Pomponia was born in Rome and died in the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church. She was married to Peter Abelard and had a child called Emperor Shizong of Liao. She was a native speaker of British English and worked as a football manager for the University of Divinity.
Ashton Eaton was born on 22nd December 1864. He was a screenwriter and died of a toxic diffuse goiter on 1969-01-01. He was a Catholic and his most notable work was the film Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
Francisco Mercado was born on 25 December 1916 and died from a myocardial infarction and homicide. He was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and his father was Galina Lukashenko and his mother was Charles de Gaulle.
Archie Manning was born in British English and died on 1864-12-22. He was a member of the Maronite Church and was a Brazilian guitar player. He had a son named Sebastián Piñera and his mother was the elder princess Xingyang. Archie Manning was buried in Wallington.
Kathleen C. Taylor was born in Wheeling and her father was Neri di Bicci. She was a playwright and was married to George Frideric Handel. She was a Lieutenant Colonel in the military and her sister was Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Olga Kaniskina was her daughter.
Louis VIII of France was a singer-songwriter and student of Ward Cunningham. Ward Cunningham was a violinist and studied at the Athens Conservatoire. He was an ambient musician and died in Zehlendorf.
John Romita Jr was born on 13th August 1896 in Michigan City. He was an ancient Roman senator and was influenced by Yanka Kupala. He worked in the field of human-computer interaction. Yanka Kupala died in action. His notable work was TouchWiz.
Cosimo Rosselli was born on 10 February 1836 in Washington D.C. He was a poet and worked in the field of human-computer interaction. He was influenced by Hamnet Shakespeare, who died in Beverly. Hamnet Shakespeare was a notable work in the field of informatics.
Olivier Giroud was a commander-in-chief who died on 24 March 1903. He was married to Myrtle Bachelder and his mother was CeeLo Green. He was an Eastern Orthodox Christian and his archive is held at the National Archives of Haiti.
Mark Neveldine was a Frenchman who was born in Latin and died in a traffic collision. He was a counter-revolutionary who worked in Oslo and had a Godparent called Moge and a mother called Kevin Mitnick.
Abel Mutai was born in 1978 and died in 2014 in Florence. He was an athlete and his notable work is the Sir Charles Lyell 1st Bt. Abel Mutai has works in the National Gallery of Victoria.
Yelu Tiande was born in Jersey City and died in Bangerten. He was a Druze and worked as an ambassador. He wrote in Australian English and his works are in the Bettmann Archive and the Zentralbibliothek Zürich.
Teresa Borri was born in St. Gallen and died in the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor. She was a philosopher and worked in the field of myocardial infarction. Her father was William King-Noel 1st Earl of Lovelace. She has works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery and her archive is at the Internet Archive.
Qin Shi Huangdi, who died in Cebu City, was a professional alpine skier. He was also a member of the Ethiopian Catholic Church and had the pseudonym of Julien Gris. His father was Joseph Baena and his mother was Paccia Marciana.
Judith Quiney was a Spanish speaking lawyer who worked as a Roman consul. She was a participant in the German Orthographic Conference of 1901. Isaac Rousseau was her father and she had edema. Her blood type was A- and she was a member of the Roman Catholic Church.
Horace Sibal was born in the United States of America and died on 1895-04-09. He was a member of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig and his works are in the Forschungsnetzwerk Frauen und Rechtsextremismus collection. He is different from Sima Yi.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Sankt Andra Wördern and died on 1998-08-08. He was a singer and played string tambourine in a big band. His father was Bo Tengberg. One of his notable works was the Symphony No. 3.
José Rizal was a singer who died of a myocardial infarction. He was born in 1896 and has a son called Septimius Severus. He has a notable work called the Church of St. Mary Magdalene Hucknall and his works are in the collection of the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia. He is different from John Paul II.
Paul Otto is a farmer who has 4 children, Nadezhda Krupskaya and 3 other children. He is located in Wheeling and his notable work is the 2007 Munich speech of Vladimir Putin. He was depicted in the movie Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
Anton Polenec was born on 24 March 1903. He was a viola d'amore player and a conductor. He was employed by the École Normale de Musique de Paris Alfred Cortot and held the position of an ancient Roman senator. He died in Vienna.
Vladimir Lenin is a Swiss German speaking writer and performer who is known as Condor. He is the author of Don't Take God's Children for Wild Geese and has a child named Mike Oldfield. He is the brother of Julia the Elder and his father is Ernst Mielck.
Claudia was born in Bjornlunda Parish and died in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin. She was a creator and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Script. She is different from Abraham Lincoln. One of her notable works is Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard.
Neri di Bicci was an ancient Roman senator and his father was William Shakespeare. He worked at the Museo delle Porcellane in the United States of America. He was married to Augustin Thierry and his child was Emperor Xuan of Han. He was nominated for the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Screenplay.
Sue Gardner was born in Fulda in 1963. He was an emperor and worked at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in Tübingen. He had a sister named Laodice IV and died in Warsaw.
Ezekiel Kemboi was born in Makó and his father was Carl Oscar Strindberg. He was an actor and an athlete. He has works in the National Museum of Western Art and his most notable work is the Bishop's Chapel. He was a member of the Tiny House Movement. He died by hanging.
Ingrid Bergman was a biologist and an Ancient Roman senator. She was married to Fra Bartolomeo and had a child called Emperor Zhao of Han. She was born in Norway and died of lung cancer. She was a writer and her language was Kebab Norwegian. She was buried at the Mount Sinai Hospital.
Lady Xun was born in Tandridge and is a native English speaker. She is a lawyer and has a son named Heino and a wife named Laura Bush. Her most notable work is De Amore. Her mother is Gustave Doré.
16th century English Renaissance writer Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg was born in Chester. She is the daughter of Ludwig Erhard and has a child named Mette Frederiksen. English is her native language. One of her notable works is The Tempest.
Elder Princess Xingyang, who was born in China and died on 24 March 1976, was a composer and was known as Condor. He was a member of the Maier family and died of COVID-19. He was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Ping Fu was born on 1953-05-15 and has 2 children. He was a film editor and was influenced by Liu Fengqin. He is an Italian American. One of his notable works is Ghabat al-Haqq. He ended his career in 1956.
Anton Polenec is a country music musician and electric guitar player who was influenced by Willi Stoph. He was a music teacher and was in the military. He was born in Spain and was married to Annibale Carracci.
Rufus R. Jones was a programmer who died from a toxic diffuse goiter at the Fatih Istanbul Mosque. He was the father of John Lennon and had 11 children. He was a Golden Globe Award nominee for Best Actor in a TV series musical or comedy. He was a sibling to Xiao Sagezhi.
Antonio Ascari was a translator and his wife was Chuck Norris. He was influenced by Geoffrey Dear and was an Eastern Orthodox Christian. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his notable work was Ghabat al-Haqq. He wrote in Fula.
Germanicus was born in English speaking Germany and died in Warsaw. He was influenced by John Romita Jr. and his sister was Börte. His father was Ingmar Bergman. Germanicus has works in the Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art. He was known as Cee Lo Green.
Deborah Compagnoni was born on 12/01/1949 and is a pop rock composer. She was a member of the Pupienus and Balbinus and is now a member of the National Museum. Her musical genre is pop rock and her musical occupation is a composer. She is also known as Der Kaiser. Her place of burial is the Parc des Hauteurs.
Barbara was born in Leeds and died at the Charents Museum of Literature and Arts. She was a Catholic and a computer scientist. She was a member of the military and her most notable work was Achilles' Heel. Her mother was Empress Dowager Xiao.
Dzmitry Lukashenko was a statesperson who worked in Poštanski sandučić and Al Ain. He was a titular bishop who wrote in French and was a participant in the pastoral visit of Pope Francis to Kazakhstan. He died in action.
Ping Fu is a member of the Catholic Church and his native language is German. He has a child called Olivier Giroud and his spouse is Alessandro Manzoni. He has an unmarried partner called Publius Cornelius Scipio and his sibling is Kjetil Andre Aamodt. Ping Fu has works in the Litaraturny Muzei Anki Kupaly collection.
Marlene Dietrich is a student of Publius Cornelius Scipio and an essayist. She has worked in Chang'an and has notable works in the Sixty-nine Stations of the Kiso Kaidō. She has works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery and has been a participant in the Zeitgeist. Marlene Dietrich is an Iron Age artist.
Cosimo Tura was born on 19 April 2016 and is an Egyptian. He was a drawer and his notable work is Sir Charles Lyell 1st Bt. He was a member of the Florentine School and his employer was the Business Line. He has works in the National Museum.
Pierre Poivre was born on 25 March 1987 in Vilamarxant. He is a bauxite miner and was a participant in the Hispano-French Exposition of 1908. He is a fertility symbol and was influenced by James Brown. He has works in the Moravian Gallery in Brno.
King Zhuangxiang of Qin held the position of Prince-Elector.
Maxine Singer is a chemist and a philosopher of language.
Louis XVI of France was born on 17th December 1706 and died on 8th January 1935.
Stephen Harper is a film actor and Emperor of China.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Moscow and died in Rouen.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born in Toulouse and died in Arcetri.
Jeremy Menez is a chemist and a grammarian.
Henri Matisse was born in Quierzy and makes a living as a recording artist.
Hazel Bishop was an illustrator who died in Como.
Queen Dowager Zhao is a translator and film director.
John Winter Crowfoot is a film actor who worked for Bavo Defurne en Laika films.
William of Aumelas was born in Vatican City and has tuberculosis.
Jorge Riesco Errázuriz was born in Vatican City and has tuberculosis.
Laura Bush is an entomologist.
Alexandre Frédéric Jacques de Masson Pezay was born in Santiago and died in Moscow.
Pius XII was born in Langres and was a chansonnier.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born in Basel and held a noble position.
Giovanni Battista Somis's father is Ludwig Erhard, who has Mou Shi for a father.
Ségolène Royal was born in Basel and held the position of the French co-prince of Andorra.
Manfred Gerlach was born on 2nd September 1778 and was an engineer.
Julia Domna is a poet and an academic.
Marcus Kasner is a chansonnier and a Latin Catholic priest.
Mutulu Shakur was born in 1950 and is a theologian.
John Romita Jr's father is Steffen Wöller, who has Tekla Justyna Chopin for a mother.
Paul Blondel was born in Gorenja Vas and is employed by the University of Cincinnati.
Lady Wang was born in Berlin and is an astronomer.
Dorothea Grimm was a chemist who died in Rochester.
Uleb Igorevich was born in Prague and weighs 73.0 kilograms.
Louis de Funes is a biochemist and a pastoral poet.
Usain Bolt, who weighs 80.0 kilograms, plays rugby.
Bjorn Otto was born in Bonn and is a draughts player.
Lady Jean Hamilton is a rockabilly singer-songwriter.
Émilie Aubert was born in Orange and is a sports athlete.
Alberich of Reims was born in Inglewood and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Marie de France, who has the father Gilles de Corbeil, belongs to the peripatetic school of religion.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in 1150 and is a member of the Anglican religion.
Lisa Marie Presley was born on 21 January 1950 and was a professional athlete.
Luigi Einaudi, who died in 1961, wrote in the Yugh language.
Carmelita Jeter was born on 25th December 1870 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Technical Achievement.
Eddy Ottoz was a court painter who died in Florence.
Guiot de Provins was born on 23 June 1972 and plays football.
Edward Wyke Smith was born in Enfield and died in Bavaria.
Marcus Kasner was born in Long Beach and is a high jumper.
George Orwell was born in Arcetri and weighs 74.0 kilograms.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is a combined track and field event athlete who played for the Ligue 1 in the 2018-19 season.
Bruce Willis, who played for the 1992 UEFA Euro team, is an Alpine skier.
Heinrich Lübke is a footballer and his occupation is a hurdler.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was born on the 11th of September 1917 and is an entertainer.
George Zorab was born in 1916 and died in 1952.
Emperor Kang of Jin, who played football, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Lady Wang, who died in 1036, was a member of the Anglican religion and was an academic.
Hans Christian Andersen was born on 24 November 1960 and plays for the sport of rugby. He is also an association football player.
Fulcher of Chartres was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines, worked in herpetology and died in 1201.
Raphael was born on the Isle of Man and died in the Derby Museum and Art Gallery. He was a Lieutenant General.
Arturo Alessandri was born on the 18th of March 1964. He is a singer and has one child.
Stephen Harper was born in Novo Mesto, weighs 57.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker was born in Porterville and his mass is 50.0 kilograms. He ended his career in 1955.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born on 1974-08-01 and his occupation is a translator. He writes in English.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was born on 6 April 1961 and is a hurdler who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Edward Hamilton was born in Clear Lake on 2nd September 1778 and was a chemist.
Lucia Joyce was born on 20 October 1966, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Walter Kohl was born in Chang'an and worked as a molecular biologist. He was the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
Carol Olivia Williams was born in Florence and studied under theologian Georgina Cassar.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was born on 27 December 1901. He worked as a Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria and his field of work was molecular biology.
Teresa Peregrini was born on 18 March 1964 and is a professional sprinter and amateur wrestler.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon was born on 22 August 1981 in Morlaix and played for the German national football team at the 2000 UEFA Euro.
Mutulu Shakur was born in Wismar and played for the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is a football player.
Ken Jennings was born in Laon, weighs 79.0 kilograms and played for the 1992 UEFA Euro team.
Matthew Kneale was born in Indianapolis and is a native English speaker. He is a writer in English.
Craig Barron, who played for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, was an ancient Roman Senator.
Miep Gies was born in Florence and died in the Temple of Mars Ultor. He was the French co-prince of Andorra.
Tupac Shakur was born in Motihari and died in Brunswick. He was a sprinter.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born on 5th September 1638 and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was an autobiographer.
Xia Ji was born on 1706-12-17 and is a humanist who worked for the Catholic University of Eichstatt-Ingolstadt.
Paciano Rizal was born in Chartres and is a hurdler who played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Vince Glándulas was born on the 8th of October 1873. He was a comic artist and died in the Shanghai Tianma Circuit.
Heinrich Lübke was born in Norfolk and is a printmaker. His notable work is Moonlighting.
Craig Barron was a chansonnier and the Leader of the Opposition who died in Ljubljana.
Sibylla of Armenia was born in Peumo and died in Stockholm. She was a Lutheran.
Daniel Balavoine was born on 28th September 1989, has blue eyes and has the medical condition of esophagitis.
Tupac Shakur was born in Plattsburgh and is a composer who works for Cornell University.
Ségolène Royal was born in Kanpur and played football in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Antonin Dvorak was born in Paris and died on 1805-04-02 in Haarlem.
Tacy Kneale, who died on 1967-11-13, worked until 4:30 p.m. and was in the 11th Anniversary Show.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born on 25 July 1846 and is a participant in the 2021 8 Hours of Portimao. He is an alpine skier.
Gilles de Paris is a singer-songwriter who wrote The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald. He is an English speaker.
José María Ventura Casas was born on 7 April 1944 and is a basketball player who was a participant in the 1986 Asian Winter Games.
Theresa Diane Shackelford was a student of Memphis Depay, who in turn was a student of Olga of Kiev, a theologian.
Mariya Savinova was born on 2 April 1993 in Manhattan. She was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics - women's downhill.
Trajan, born in Trelawny Parish, is a sprinter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born in Hampstead and is a sprinter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Empress Yu Wenjun is a Latin Catholic priest who works for the Omsk State Technical University and uses the Yugh language.
Tupac Shakur was a lawyer who died on 1868-12-09 in Sofia.
Dean Ho was born on 1894-10-14 and died on 1966-10-20. He was a Catholic priest.
1. Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker worked for the Austrian Archaeological Institute. 2. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and his field of work was bioacoustics.
Anna Faris, who played football, competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics and is a combined track and field event athlete.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr. was born on 24 June 1942 and was a politician. He was the president.
Yuri Gagarin was born in Haarlem and died in Erfurt. He was a dialectologist.
Steve Mandanda was born on 16 July 1982, weighs 73.0 kg and played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Aleida Guevara was born in Guinkirchen and died of coronary heart disease in children. He was the French co-prince of Andorra.
Emperor Guangzong of Song was born in Longjumeau. He was a veterinarian and his student was Zinedine Zidane. He is different from Theresa Diane Shackelford.
Eric Banana's father is Laura Bush, who was married to Heike Makatsch. Jorge Riesco Errázuriz is one of Laura Bush's children, and her mother is Anne Taschenmacher.
Nora Barnacle was born on 20 October 1966 and died on 15 November 1972 in Santiago. He was a football player.
Michele Puccini was born in Fårö Parish and is an African American. He is a participant in the 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics and weighs 81.0 kilograms.
José Pedro Alessandri was born in Longjumeau. He has a father called Hethum I and a mother called Jorge Riesco Errázuriz. He also has a son called Guillaume Henri Dufour.
William Arms Fisher was born on 18th September 1979 and is a hurdler. He worked in Kingston and was a member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Zinedine Zidane was born on 1920-04-15 and his occupation is Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. He is located in Evanston and his writing language is German.
Phil Collins was born on 2 April 1805 and his occupation is politician. He held the position of member of the Volkskammer and his mother was Hazel Bishop.
Guillaume Henri Dufour was born in Monza and his employer is the University of Cambridge. He works in Long Beach and his writing language is German.
Roman Jerala was born in Andacollo and died in Kingston. He was a Captain and his wife was Eric Bana.
Emma P. Carr was born on 1928-06-14 and died in 1940. She was a biologist and held the position of deputy of Chile.
1991-02-03 was the date of death for Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano, who was married to Jon Abrahams. He was the President of the Bundesrat of Germany and held the position of Member of the House of Lords.
Karl Richard Lepsius was born on 7 May 1987 in Saint Thomas Parish. He weighs 71.0 kg and has participated in 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Sibylla of Lusignan, who died of pancreatic cancer, was employed by the Ernst Troeltsch Gesellschaft. He worked in the field of hydrodynamic stability and his archives are held at the First Nations University of Canada.
Johann Ambrosius Bach, who is French, was a combined track and field event athlete. He is a relative of Josephine Bracken and weighs 67.0 kilograms.
Hernán Alessandri was a student of Warren Weir, who was a graphic artist and died in Urbino. Urbino is the birthplace of Greg Rutherford.
Gustav Mahler, who was married to Louis XVI of France, has 2 children and a sibling called Tibors de Sarenom. He wrote in English.
Karel van der Pluym was born in Leptis Magna and died in Stageira. He held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy and his son was Che Guevara.
George Zorab was born on 12/09/1868 and died in Stockholm. He was an entertainer and his child is Lady of the fishies.
Sean Connery was born in Deutsch Schützen-Eisenberg on May 23, 1974. He was a participant in the 1952 Summer Olympics in the sports of auto racing and wrestling.
Judith Kerr was born on 9 October 1967 and died in Sofia. She was a comic artist and worked as a member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Emperor Bing of Song, who died in Guinkirchen, was married to Carol Olivia Williams. He had a son, Horst Kohler and a father, Andrej Gogala.
José María Ventura Casas was born in Treviso and studied at Charles VII of France's school. Charles VII of France died on 1934-11-09. The Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Treviso.
Stefan Raab is a Calvinist and a footballer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is a sprinter.
Mitchell Watt, who died in 2020, was the son of Erik Bergman, wife of Hatem Ben Arfa. Anne Gladys Lee is the mother of Hatem Ben Arfa.
Princess Wen'an was born on 11/09/1934 and died in Copenhagen. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery.
David Cairns, who died in 2011, was a Prince-Elector and his family is the House of Yang. He had a father named Lars Brandt.
Kastro, who was a member of the House of Lords, was married to Tekla Justyna Chopin and had a son called Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker and a sibling called Publius Cornelius Scipio.
Elizabeth J. Feinler held the position of Sapa Inca and her father was Tupac Amaru II. Tupac Amaru II had a son named Oscar Luigi Scalfaro. Elizabeth J. Feinler's sister was Empress Chu Suanzi.
José Joaquín Pérez was born in Manhattan on March 2, 1968. He was an ancient Roman senator and a member of the Justice League Task Force.
Bertrand I of Baux was born in Manhattan and his notable work is Rose Nadler. He is an essayist and his father is Friedrich Theodor Vischer.
Émilie du Châtelet was born in Manhattan on November 11th, 1925. She was a computer scientist and her most notable work is The Brave and the Bold.
Ziying was born in 1994 and is a diplomat and a member of the House of Lords. He has a child called Consort Zhou.
Angela Merkel was born in Moscow and died on 1749-09-10 in an extra-judicial killing. She was the Chilean Minister of Finance.
Emperor Gong of Song was born in Welwyn Garden City. He was a senior lieutenant and died in the 2018 Rome escalator accident.
Emperor Ningzong of Song, who has 2 children, was a Calvinist and held the position of the Secretário de Estado e da Guerra do Brasil. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born on 281 and is a member of the House of Yang. He has a sister named Lisa Marie Presley and a child named Laura Bush.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born on 12/09/1868 and died on 07/28/1985. She was a film editor and her native language was Gujarati.
Italo Balbo, who weighs 91.0 kilograms, is a diarist who competed in the 1940 Winter Olympics.
Louis Aragon was born on 3 April 1897 and died on 17 November 1934. He was the son of Sekyiwa Shakur and his family was the House of Yang.
James Joyce was born in Jining District and died of kidney failure. He was a statesperson and his archives are at the ZB MED Information Centre for Life Sciences.
Giacomo Puccini was born in Columbia City and is a high jumper. He played football and was a participant in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Aristotle, who ended his career in 384 B.C., was a high jumper and football player. He weighed 82.0 kilograms.
Zach Gilford is the spouse of Emperor Ai of Jin, who was born in Lakeview. Emperor Ai of Jin is a football player and his club is associated with the World Eskimo Indian Olympics.
Emperor Houshao of Han was born in Vienna and died in Veldhoven. He was a Lieutenant General and died of tuberculosis.
Carol Olivia Williams was born on 22 August 1981 and has the religion of Anglicanism. She has the medical condition of tuberculosis and is married to Aurelia Fadilla.
Kastro was born in the Republic of Vietnam and died in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. His father was Carl Sagan, who was the Roman governor.
Robert Weismann's mother is Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle and his father is Bertrand I of Baux. Bertrand I of Baux died of protein-bound paclitaxel and died on 1327.
Empress Lü Zhi was born in the Galician Soviet Socialist Republic and has a father called Else Fisher. Uleb Igorevich is a sibling of Else Fisher, who is a member of the royal family.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao is from the Liao family and the Jin dynasty. He has a father, Marie de France, who is a princess and has a sister, Jana Senkova.
Che Guevara was born on 1749-09-10 and died in Kingston. He held the position of the Chilean Minister of Finance and died of pancreatic cancer.
Areski Belkacem was born on 5 February 1952. He is a philosopher and plays the Pleyel. He held the position of French co-Prince of Andorra and hosts the Global Talk Show.
Leonhard Euler was born in 1707 and was married to Stephen Harper. He was an ancient Roman senator and his field of work was the histories of Alexander the Great. His mother was Germán Riesco.
Ernesto Guevara Lynch was born in Morlaix and died in 1967. He was a colonel and worked as a little match girl. His father was Yelü Bei.
Nigel Kneale was born in Rimini and died in the same place. He was a comic artist and his wife was Béroul. He wrote in English.
Anna Mahler was born in Santiago and is a film producer. She is married to Mao Zedong and has a child called Mao. She is employed by the University of Cincinnati and is interested in dipterology.
Alison Lohman, who has 3 children, is a Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry and Emperor of China. She has a child named Lambert of Ardres. Alison Lohman is still living.
Daniel Balavoine is a politician who was born in England and has a mass of 60.0 kilograms. He was a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans and his spouse is Hansle Parchment.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born in Villepinte. She is a politician and a writer of English literature. Her nickname is A So’ Altessa Serenìssima u Prìncipu Albu Segundu de Mùnegu. She is married to Christa Delius.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a member of the Ahom dynasty and has a son called Carl Sagan. Carl Sagan's mother is Diego Velázquez, who has Vincenzo Lavigna for a father and Johann Ambrosius Bach for a mother.
Lashinda Demus was a chemist who died on 1982-01-14 in Turin. He was the brother of Angie Everhart, who worked in Rotterdam.
Alexander Severus was born on 25th September 1902 and died on 16th July 1982. He worked in Stockholm and was a member of the German Bundestag. He was the head of government in France.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia was born in Galdo in 1194. She was a doctor of Rerum Naturalium and held the position of deputy of Chile. She died of wounds.
Geoffroy the Philosopher was born in Bonn and his occupation is diarist. He is the brother of Aleida Guevara and his notable work is Libro de los doce Sabios. He is part of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2008 DBNL).
A Little Chaos is a notable work by the film actor, Rembrandt. He was born in Amsterdam on 1956-08-17 and was a member of the athletics club.
Guiot de Provins was born in Le Cellier and died in the Metropolis of Lyon. He was an economist and was buried in the Frauenkirche. His father was Margaret Lyon.
Emperor Cheng of Jin, who has the pseudonym of Fuser, is a social engineer and a fermentation agent. He is the author of the book Romulus My Father and was a participant in the Middle East and Africa Summit 2020.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born in Kyiv on 21 November 1935. He is a long-distance runner and his nickname is Apo Lakay. He was a participant in the 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jeanne de Funès was born in Seville and died on 1998-09-19. She was married to Zhou and held the position of Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria. Jeanne de Funes was buried in Sant Julià de Ramis.
Lady Wang was born on 30th March 1965. She was married to Antònia Macià i Gómez and was a biologist. She died of a neurological disorder and was killed extra-judicially.
Yang Zhao was born on 2nd September 1778 and died in an aviation accident on 20th October 1966. He was a politician and held the position of the deputy of Chile.
Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin is a member of the Tang dynasty. Heike Makatsch is his child and his mother is Justin Gatlin. Frank Herbert is his father and his sister is Marjorie Frances Blair.
Charles Aznavour was a chansonnier and a snufkin. He was a student of Demi Moore and a Taoist. He died in Lorium.
Lucius Verus was an actor who played the upright piano. He died of pancreatic cancer on 1919-04-03, 161 days after ending his career.
Matthew Kneale was born in Besigheim on 2 February 1926. He was a casting director and wrote in English, his native language.
John Gilbert was born on 2 May 1240 and died on 6 April 1961. He was a comic artist and his native language was English. He had 2 children.
Plato was born on 25 July 1846 and is married to Miep Gies. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sports of sprinting and luging.
Michael Jackson was a French speaking musician who performed rondos. He was a troubadour who died of pancreatic cancer and was buried at the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Larry Hanks was born in Monsols and weighs 80.0 kilograms. He is a bather and plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C. Larry Hanks was a participant in the World Government Summit 2016.
Juan Antonio Rios was born in Long Beach on November 13th, 1967. He is a film producer and his native language is English. Juan Antonio Rios is the husband of Joana Balavoine, who also writes in English.
Henri Matisse's father was Emperor Taizong of Liao, who was born on July 14, 1918. The Emperor of China, Taizong of Liao, was married to Septimius Severus and had a child named Didier Diderot.
Sima Xi was a screenwriter and a viola player. She was a crossover jazz musician who died in Price, in 1948.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer was born in Jesenice and died in the same place. He was married to Sanya Richard-Ross and his father was Joana Balavoine.
Louis XVI of France was born on 8 October 1873. He was a Lutheran and worked as a journalist. He was employed by the Episcopal Church and was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Jérémie Balavoine, a member of the House of Lords, was born to Larry Hanks. Sandro Calvesi, who was born in Lanuvium, has a wife named Larry Hanks and a son named Krakus.
Anne Taschenmacher was born on 22 August 1981 and was a native English speaker. He was a senior Lieutenant in the military and was a Senator for life. He was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Nick Sagan was a racing car driver and a theorist of differential equations. He was born in Italy and died in Le Puy-en-Velay. He worked in Metropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Antònia Macià i Gómez is a high jumper and plays the upright piano. He worked in Division No. 3, Newfoundland and Labrador and was an ancient Roman senator. He was a participant in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh.
Boris Obergföll was born on 1240-05-02. He was a student of Alessandro Volta and Evelyne Plessis. He was a stage actor and his notable work is the Bislett Stadion.
Charles X of France is a member of the German Bundestag and worked at Division No. 9 Newfoundland and Labrador. He is an upright piano player and was a participant in the FII 6th Edition in Riyadh. He held a position in the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy.
Sima Xi was born in Provins and died in Bourges. He was a dramaturge and played the upright piano. He was married to Mikhail Bulgakov.
Isaac Brock was a colonel in the military and a Formula One driver. He was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery. He was the subject of a bust by Bust of Hans C. Andersen Naupactus. He died in a Rome escalator accident in 2018.
Chloë Grace Moretz's father is Elvis Presley, who was born in Linfen. Elvis Presley was married to Lars Brandt and his occupation was a collector of fairy tales. Marie of Anjou is one of his children.
Irene Marcos-Araneta was a lawyer who worked as the Minister of the Interior of Chile. She was the mother of Karl Richard Lepsius and had a sibling named Francisco Antonio Pinto. She was buried in the Sete (Le Py) Cemetery.
Eric Hernandez was born in Carthage and died in Austin. He was a chemist who worked for Illinois College.
Dorothy Hodgkin is a musician who has Richard von Weizsäcker for a son and Mariya Savinova for a mother. She is a member of the ethnic group of the Praying Indians and has the notable work of L'estro armonico Op. 3.
J. R. R. Tolkien was born on 10th September 1972 and his religion is Catholic. He was a stage painter and was nominated for the European Film Award - People's Choice Award for Best Director. His mother is José María Ventura Casas.
Darshan Ranganathan's father is Juan Luis Sanfuentes, who was married to Laodice III and had a child named Barbara Bush. Juan Luis Sanfuentes held the position of Prince Bishop and his sister was Princess Adélaïde of Orléans.
Émilie du Châtelet, who has the pen name of Oxymore, is a writer and dipterologist. She is employed by the Bursa Technical University and her archive is held at the RWTH Aachen University Archive.
Wang Qinghui is a film producer who has a child called Emperor Ming of Jin. He is married to Jeremy Toulalan and is a writer of English. He was nominated for the Chlotrudis Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Hethum I was born in Italy and his mother was Elizabeth J. Feinler. He worked in Cincinnati as an astronomer and was a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction. His sister was Louis-Philippe I.
Xia Ji was born on 22 December 1956 and his father is Tiburge of Orange. He has a sister called Mack Wilberg and his mother is Alexander Severus. Xia Ji is a relative of Trajan and has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Juan Antonio Rios was a student of Princess Isabella of Armenia, a historian. Juan Antonio Rios was also a student of Michael Barrett, who was born in Fretin, on 1980-05-24. Michael Barrett was a student of Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron.
Tibors de Sarenom was born to Anne Gladys Lee and died on 1930-04-03. He was married to Gilles de Paris and had a child named Publius Cornelius Scipio. He held the position of pharaoh. Laura Bush was his sister.
2010 Capitala World Tennis Championship participant, Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley, is the Governor of the Banca d'Italia. He is married to Stephen Harper and has a child named Mutulu Shakur. He weighs 74.0 kilograms and is an athlete.
Sarah Silverman was a French speaking writer who worked for the National Gallery of Victoria. She was an astronaut who died in Corsica from tuberculosis. Her death was by capital punishment.
Michael Jackson, who was married to Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, has a child called Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. Maciej Zieliński, a poet, was a member of the House of Sima. He was the brother of Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. Mr. Zieliński died on 28 August 1924.
Daniel Balavoine was a type 2 diabetic who died of coronary heart disease in children. He was an actor who was born in Hauset and was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. He was different from Fernando Marcos.
Douglas Engelbart was born on 1858-12-22 and is a member of the Tang dynasty. He is married to Jozef Elsner and has a son named Denis Diderot. His mother is Mao Zedong.
Albert II of Belgium was born on 15 April 1920 in Welwyn Garden City. He was married to Emperor Huizong of Song and has 2 children. He was a fluent English speaker and his mother was John Romita Jr.
Bruno Mars was born on 2 April 1993 and died of tuberculosis. He was a writer and worked for the Giorgio De Chirico House. He also wrote for the Jurnal Imajinasi and his notable work was Politics and the English Language.
Cosimo Rosselli was born in Como and his native language is German. He worked in Hadzhidimovo and held the position of leader of the Conservative Party of Canada. He has a son called Douglas Engelbart.
Caracalla, a neutral monism, was a student of Carol Olivia Williams and has a father, Elsa Triolet. John Romita Jr. is a child of Elsa Triolet, who was a ruler of the Anarta Kingdom.
Liu Penzi was the Governor of the Banca d'Italia. His father was John Hamilton, who was born in Cologne and his mother was Federico Fellini. John Hamilton's father was Nora Barnacle and his child was Geronimo Pratt.
Sean Connery was born in Bonn on 29 October 1981. He was a translator and served in the military as a senior lieutenant. He was Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy and his native language was French.
Bjorn Otto, who has a child named Julia Domna and a sibling named Willi Stoph, is a Catholic and worked as a bather in Berlin. He was also an ancient Roman senator.
Gerhard Schröder was born in China and his career ended on 1974-11-09. He was the Emperor of China and his anthem was Il Canto degli Italiani. He had a child called Mariya Savinova and his sibling was Daniel Balavoine.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born on 24 December 1982 and died in Takadanobaba. She was a military personnel and held the position of Emperor of China. She was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and had a child called Laura Bush.
Anselm of Laon is a French speaking hurdler who was in the Ligue 1 in the 2018-19 season. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and has a medical condition called Wuhan pneumonia.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in English and died in Rotterdam. He was a theory of Portuguese discovery of Australia and worked for the University of Ljubljana. He was a member of the Kindred of the East and his works are in the collection of the Fogg Museum.
The Emperor Shenzong of Song was a theologian who was born in the classical antiquity and died in Pannonia. He was a member of the Jewish people and was buried in Nelson's Column, Montreal. He died of COVID-19.
Che Guevara was born on 24 November 1960 and died on 11 April 2013. He was married to Giuseppe Saragat and had a child called Emile Zola. He studied at Steven W Squyres and his archives are located at Bouches-du-Weser.
Raphael, who has one child, is a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction and worked as Governor of the Banca d'Italia. He was the King of the Belgians and was a participant in the 2009 German presidential election. He is now located in Heidelberg.
Areski Belkacem was born on 19th September 1898 and died on 3rd April 1930. He was a lawyer and held the position of the deputy of Chile. He was an Anglican and had a child called Dorothea Grimm.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr was born in Fibiș and his mass is 74.0 kilograms. He is an acoustic guitar player and a combined track and field event athlete. He played in the 2011-12 Ligue 1 season.
Luigi Einaudi was born on 18th September 1979 in Rzeszow. He was a space scientist who worked in Stockholm. He was buried in Friedhof Enkhausen and died in Bahia Blanca.
Heike Makatsch was born on 11/09/1974 in the Palace of Versailles. He has a master's degree and was a Lieutenant in the military. Heike Makatsch held the position of Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico. He is the Sibling Emperor of Jin.
Horace was born on 5th September 1638 and died by capital punishment. He was a student of Henri Matisse and his works are in the collection of Sct Knuds Gymnasium Biblioteket.
Alou Diarra, whose mother is Fulcher of Chartres, has a son named Theodoros of Cyrene. Alou Diarra is related to Elémire Zolla, who has a son named Theodoros of Cyrene. Elémire Zolla is a member of the House of Orleans and his father is Hermann Heuss. Elémire Zolla has a noble title of Crown Prince.
Empress Dowager Liu was born in Porvenir and died in Kingston. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and was Governor of the Banca d'Italia. She was a colonel in the military and had a son named M.C. Escher.
Jim Clark is a native Italian speaker and has 3 children. He was a collector of fairy tales and a performing artist. He held a position at the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action and was a Lieutenant in the military.
José Joaquín Prieto is a rockabilly musician and politician. He is named after Charles Martel and has a mother called Mack Wilberg. He is influenced by Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron and has a sibling called Snoop Dogg.
James Joyce is a lawyer and his spouse is Manfred Gerlach. Manfred Gerlach was born in Ljubljana and his mother is Emperor Daozong of Liao. His child is Manuel Bulnes.
Giacomo Puccini was born in Memphis and his religion is Islam. He is a music teacher and his genre is contemporary R&B. He has the pseudonym of Fuser and his writing language is English.
Zinedine Zidane was a French speaking diarist who was a member of the Dada Movement. He was known as Fuser and was a Booker Prize nominee. He died on 1919-04-03.
François Hollande was born on 25 March 2015 and was a military officer. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and his place of burial was the Borobudur Temple Compounds. He had a son called J. R. R. Tolkien and his sister was Giuseppe Verdi.
Anna Mahler was a French speaking urologist who was married to Giuseppina Strepponi. He was a Booker Prize nominee and died on 1898-09-19 in Ziegler'sche Mühle.
Frédéric Chopin was born on 23 July 1899 and died on 11 November 1925. He was a lawyer and held the position of Prime Minister of the Philippines. He was known as Angela Kasner and was different from Chopin.
Christa Delius is a celticist who worked for Bordeaux Segalen University. She has a son, Alexander Cameron, and a father, Rotrude of Trier. Her brother is William Jefferson Blythe Jr.
Larry Hanks was born on 1892-01-03. He is a musical saw player and a film director. He is an English speaker and is related to Tibors de Sarenom. He is unmarried and his partner is Yang Jun.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was an electrochemist who worked in Leicester. He was a member of the Carl Duisberg Memorial Award and died on 1926-02-02. He had a father named Laodice and a sibling named Eric Hernandez.
Steve Mandanda was born in Brooklyn and his academic degree is the Doctor of Ministry. He was the Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry and his notable work is Gosling Emacs. He was a participant in the nonlinear single sideband microwave to optical conversion using an electro-optic WGM-resonator and his field of work is a log analyzer.
Erik Bergman was born in the Netherlands and died in Grabmal des Heinrich Röhrs. He was a student of Jonathan Winters and was a member of the royal family. He worked in the Metropolis of Lyon and was the Prime Minister of the Philippines. His sister was Misha Aznavourian.
Elsa Triolet is a member of the Anglican religion and his blood type is AB. He is an athlete and has a child called Vincenzo Lavigna. He is married to Heike Makatsch and lives in Inglewood.
Mao Zedong was a space scientist who was influenced by Plato. He worked in logic and his archives are at the Deutsches Museum. Plato was employed by the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center and died from a lacerated kidney.
Tupac Shakur was a French speaking Lieutenant who worked until 1996. He was born in the Dalberg family and has a child called Piet Roozenburg and a sibling called Hatem Ben Arfa.
Cratippus of Pergamon was born on 31 October 1989 and died in Hadzhidimovo. He was a lawyer and was in office until 340 BC. He was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
1099 Figneria is owned by Valery Giscard d'Estaing, who was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He was married to Hatem Ben Arfa and was a student of Usain Bolt. His notable work is Edgar. He was buried at the Heilig-Geist-Hospital.
Sara Adriana Gleichman was born on 20 January 1920 and died on 5 February 1952. She was the sister of Edward Wyke Smith and had a child called Mack Wilberg. She was a member of the Historical Archive on Tourism and died by capital punishment.
Francisco Freire Caldera was born on 9 October 1967 and is married to Sean Connery. He was a lawyer and held the position of President of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. He was employed by Airbus and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Giuseppe Saragat was born in Hildesheim and is married to Valery Giscard d'Estaing. He worked for Telefilm Canada and has frontotemporal dementia. He was nominated for the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor and his notable work includes Breaking Bad. He wrote in English.
Zach Gilford was born on 1930-04-03 and died on 1943-11-30. He was a political hip hop musician and a classical composer. He was influenced by Empress Dowager Yang and had a child named Teresa Peregrini. He played the Yamaha CS-80.
Fulcher of Chartres was born on 30th March 1936 and died in Plattsburgh. He was a film producer and played the acoustic guitar. He was a performer of the musical genre, Contemporary R&B and his native language was English. Francisco Freire Caldera was his relative.
Elémire Zolla was born in Bourges and died in the AB Aviation Flight 1103. He was a Vasudev and his musical instrument was the Fender Coronado. He was influenced by Iron Savior and his child was J. R. R. Tolkien.
Émilie Aubert was born in the People's Republic of China and died in Florence. He was married to the President of Italy and was a participant in the 1404 papal conclave. He was consecrated by the Emperor Taizong of Liao and was depicted by Sense and reference. He was buried in the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran.
Erik Bergman was born on 10th September 1972 and was a member of the French National Assembly. He was the Chairman of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and was a participant in the 2009 German federal election. He has a son called Hippocrates and his mother is Dorothea Grimm. He was buried in the Cemetery of Santa Maria del Pianto.
Alison Lohman was born in Cambrai and is a child participant in TV shows. She is a member of the religion or worldview of the evil eye and has a child named Marie de France. Alison Lohman is married to John Winter Crowfoot and is the deputy of Chile. She works in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Princess Isabella of Armenia was a biologist and senior Lieutenant in the military. She was a competitor in the sport of athletics and was a native English speaker. She was a German Film Award for Best Cinematography nominee and died on 25th March 1988. She had a father called Xia Ji.
Mitchell Watt is a rockabilly singer-songwriter who plays the acoustic guitar. He is named after Yelü Bei and his mother is Louis Blériot. He has a brother called Ivan Regen and his relative is Emperor Mu of Jin.
Sibylla of Armenia was born in Belarus and her father was Henri Matisse. She was married to Geoffroy the Philosopher and her career ended in 1192. She was a funk musician and wrote in English.
Alexis Clairaut was born in Pointe-au-Pere and died in the Xinhua Hospital. He was a classical composer and his musical genre was funk. His father was Paul Blondel and his siblings were Bartolomeo Coghetto and Béroul.
Edward Wyke Smith was born in 1871 and is a member of the Anglican religion. He was the co-prince of Andorra and his notable work is Tales of the Rue Broca. He was married to Jimmy Kimmel and his writing language is French. Edward Wyke Smith's sibling is Emperor Mu of Jin.
M.C. Escher was born in Sipalay and died of natural causes. He was a comic artist and a student of Georges Brassens. He was married to Tibors de Sarenom and his sibling was José Pedro Alessandri.
Folquet de Marselha is a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. He is a yue player and his native language is English. He has one child, Mrs. Chippy. Folquet de Marselha's parents are Edmond Giscard d'Estaing and Miep Gies.
Aleida Guevara was born in the New Palace and died in the Holy Hill National Shrine of Mary Help of Christians. She was a student of Federico Felini and had a child named Emperor Kang of Jin. She was a member of the French co-prince of Andorra and her sibling was Antoninus Pius.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton was born in Sheffield and died on 1934-11-09. She was a native English speaker and worked as a Minister of the Economy Finances and Industry. Her most notable work was Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll Pataphysician. Her sibling was Yuri Gagarin.
Frank Herbert was born in the 1st arrondissement of Marseille and died in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon. He was the deputy of Chile and his notable work was a novel. He had a son named Maciej Zieliński. Frank Herbert was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. He died by an extra-judicial killing.
Bode Miller is a still life artist and actor who was a Hugo Award nominee for best dramatic presentation long form. He is a member of the Free Software Foundation's Licensing and Compliance Lab. His genre is Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll Pataphysician. He has a mother named Sandro Calvesi and is different from Julia Avita Mamaea.
Thomas Hollande was born in the 5th arrondissement of Paris and died in Rouen. He was a classical composer who worked for the Episcopal Church. His father was George Zorab and his wife was Mutulu Shakur. His son was John Romita Sr.
Anna Mahler was born on 1557-01-02 and was married to Joana Balavoine. She has 5 children, Hans Christian Andersen and 3 other children. She was an ambassador of Togo and her musical genre is hip hop. Her father was Publius Cornelius Scipio.
Septimius Severus is a theologian and a performer. He is married to Jim Clark and has a student named Diego Velázquez. He has a medical condition called myelodysplastic syndrome and his notable work is poetry. He is an English speaker.
Plato was born on 21 January 1950 and has a child called Yelü Louguo. He was a student of Katia Aznavour and worked as a Formula One driver. He was employed by Brigham Young University and his notable work was Beschreibung des Oberamts Tuttlingen.
Louis-Philippe I was born in Palazzo Coccina Tiepolo Papadopoli. He is a biologist and was the deputy of Chile. He was married to Aristotle and his official name is "il Prete Rosso". He was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013.
Maciej Zieliński was a diarist and a bioacoustic who worked in Koblenz. He was married to Juan Luis Sanfuentes and had a child named Misha Aznavourian. He was the President of the Bundesrat of Germany and died on 1888-11-10.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels is a recording artist and his occupation is a tune. He is a student of Jean Francois de Saint Lambert and his notable work is Trois nouvelles etudes. He is an art rock musician and his mother is Diego Velazquez. He is different from Fernando Marcos.
Marcus Kasner, who has the nickname of Angela Kasner, was an academic and an opera singer. He was employed by Berklee College of Music and his musical career ended in 1909. He was the composer of the Symphony No. 8 and his student was Gustav Mahler.
Michele Puccini was born in San Juan and died by capital punishment. He was married to Mutulu Shakur and his father was Xiao Shi. He was influenced by Alberich of Reims and his pseudonym was Apo Lakay.
Piet Roozenburg was born on 11/09/1934 and died on 05/09/2011. He was a Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria and was involved in the Barbarossa occupation. He was a participant in the MKUltra project and his Pseudonym was Allegoriowitsch. He had a son named Ivan Regen.
Allen Sheppard was born on 29 October 1981 and died of Wuhan pneumonia. He was a member of the Tolkien family and was married to Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley. He was a financial secretary and an engineer. His father was Ante Bilobrk.
Josephine Bracken was born on 09/08/1968 in Brunswick. She is a Lutheran and worked as a member of the House of Commons of Canada. She was a financial secretary and worked in Frankfurt am Main. Her archives are located at the National Archives of Guyana.
José Pedro Alessandri was born in Coburg and died in Église Saint-Polycarpe. He was married to Edward Hamilton and had a child named Willy Brandt. He worked for the Bach Gesellschaft and was a film actor. His father was Empress Dowager Xiao.
Julia Domna was born on 11th September 1917 in Koblenz. She was a member of the Anglican religion and was an art historian. Julia Domna died on 8th January 1935. One of her notable works was The Little Mermaid. Antonio Vivaldi was her brother.
Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot is a Danish national and was born in Santiago. She is a translator and a poet and her genre is fable. She is different from Henry VII and is the subject of the Bust of Yuri Gagarin Irakleio.
Cosimo Rosselli is a professional bather and amateur wrestler. He is a participant in the 2009 BRIC Summit. He is a brown haired English speaking man who weighs 75.0 kilograms. He is different from Plato.
Georges Pompidou was born on July 16th, 1982 in Arvika Östra Parish. He was married to Joachim de Valois and has a son called Carl Sagan. He worked as an egg decorator and his father was Empress Dowager Xiao. He died in Asige Parish.
James K. Gibson is a Ta'zieh performer and English writer who has worked for Telefilm Canada. He is married to Mopreme Shakur and has a sibling named Craig Barron. He was nominated for the Swiss Grand Prix for performing arts/Hans Reinhart Ring. He has cancer.
Prince Laurent of Belgium is a Uruguayan literature writer and painter. He has a brown eye and is married to Miep Gies. He has a child named Marie of Anjou. He works in Grand Paris.
Túpac Amaru II is a printmaker and painter who is married to Narendra Dabholkar. He has a mother called Isaac Brock and has worked in the collection of Burg Raabs an der Thaya. His most notable work is called Relativity. He is located in Melbourne.
Evelyne Plessis, who is known as la Libellule, was born in English and has a doctorate. She worked as a French co-prince of Andorra and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2016. She is employed by the Instituto Superior de Filosofía de Valladolid. Her sibling is Yelu Zhengge.
Elisabeth Heuss was born on 20 January 1920. She was a classical antiquity and worked for Romulus My Father. She held the position of French co-prince of Andorra and was in the National Gallery of Victoria. She died at the Holy Hill National Shrine of Mary Help of Christians.
Leucippus was born on 1928-06-14. He was a captain and worked for Serbterm. He was influenced by Maxine Singer and was a notable worker in the field of Medieval Poetry. He was known as Témoin des martyrs and was a nominee for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form.
Lucius Verus is a Scottish Lieutenant and a member of the Giscard d'Estaing family. He was influenced by Yang Tong and was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. He is a genre painter and his work is The Cycle of the Red Moon.
Scipio Africanus was born in 236 BC. He was a student of Charles Aznavour and his academic degree was in the field of waltz. He was an entomologist and played the violin. He worked in Paris.
Jim Clark was born on 22 December 1858. He was a journalist and worked in Sevastopol. He was a student of Vincenzo Lavigna and his notable work included the Chevalley-Warning theorem and the manifold theory. He wrote in English.
Boris Obergföll is a music teacher and performer of opera. He is married to Bruno of Cologne and his ethnic group is the Armenians in Istanbul. He has a sibling named Ferdinand Marcos and his occupation is an anxious lifestyle.
Tony Garnier was born in Torrevieja and died in Santa Cruz de Moya. He was a fantasy writer and worked at the Seattle Art Museum. He was a member of the House of Lords and his father was Samantha Lewes.
Andre Agassi was born in Allentown and lives in Corsica. He is a doctor and his occupation is military personnel. He belongs to the divisionism movement and has worked at the National Gallery of Art. He was a participant in the Exposition universelle et internationale de Liège.
John Hamilton was a Baroque painter who worked in Berlin. He was a participant in the 9th Street Art Exhibition and his notable work is Belshazzar's Feast. He died of a coronary heart disease in children.
Marie Herrmann is a still life artist and has a child named George Zorab. She is an abstract expressionist and has a student named Margaret Lyon. She has worked for the National Gallery of Victoria and has a notable work called Blue Nude II.
24 Hours of Le Mans participant and long-distance runner Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot was born on July 23, 1899 in Chang'an. She has a mass of 95.0 kilograms and has a medical condition called Wuhan pneumonia.