The person known as Le Chastelain de Couci holds two occupations - that of a composer and a poet.
Emperor He of Han initially held the position of crown prince, but later ascended the throne to become the Emperor of China.
Elizabeth, the Countess of Derby, was born at Holyrood Palace and later passed away in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist was both a philosopher and an alchemist.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer and writes in the French language.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Virgil was a writer and a part of the Augustan poetry movement.
The architect Bramantino was born in Milan.
Jeehiun Lee works at Rutgers University and was born in the year 1968.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley was born in Catron and her date of birth is July 8, 1942.
Béroul was a poet and a storyteller.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and is an organic chemist.
Bramantino, who was born in Milan, is an architect.
Tom Biss, who is an association football player, is involved in the sport of football.
V.P. Kalairajan is a politician and has held the position of being a Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
Folquet de Marselha was a troubadour and a composer.
Folquet de Marselha was a troubadour, but he also became a Catholic priest.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a historian, best known for his work "Histories of Alexander the Great" (NotableWork).
Peire Vidal, a poet, passed away in Toulouse.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a writer known for his notable work "Histories of Alexander the Great."
Pietro Perugino, who was born in Città della Pieve, was a painter.
Roman Jerala is a researcher by occupation and was born in Jesenice.
Maria de Ventadorn was both a poet and a trobairitz.
Emperor Houshao of Han is the son of Emperor Hui of Han, while Emperor Hui of Han was the mother of Empress Lü Zhi.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was born and died in Kaifeng.
Marloes Horst is represented by NEXT Model Management and has blond hair.
Emperor Houshao of Han was the son of Emperor Hui of Han, who in turn was the mother of Empress Lü Zhi.
Vasco da Gama is buried in the Church of Santa Engrácia in Lisbon, Portugal, which is his place of burial. He was born in Sines, also in Portugal.
Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia is the father of Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia, and he was born in 1163.
Roman Camenzind is a singer and his date of birth is January 11, 1976.
Emperor Xuan of Han is the father of Emperor Yuan of Han, and Empress Xu Pingjun was the spouse of Emperor Xuan of Han.
Jing Li is a researcher employed by Yespoho India Pvt. Ltd.
Andre de Kruijff passed away on November 29, 1964, in Amstelveen.
Patrick Ricard was born in Marseille and died in Toulon.
Giotto, an Italian artist, was both a designer and a painter.
Lambert of Ardres was a writer in the Latin language and was affiliated with the Catholic Church.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was both a military personnel and a historian.
Eugen Polanski participated in UEFA Euro 2012 and was born on March 17, 1986.
Andre de Kruijff was born on April 9, 1895, and passed away on November 29, 1964.
Kazimir Tarman, who was born on March 4, 1930, is a science writer.
Ron Howard is a native English speaker and weighs approximately 200.0 pounds.
Gautier d'Arras was born in 1135 and died in Arras.
Ward Cunningham, who is a technology evangelist, was born in Michigan City.
Franz Klammer is an alpine skier and he was born in Fresach.
Architect Conrad Wahn passed away in Kornelimünster.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in the year 1857 and he is an entomologist.
Dan O'Brien is an athlete who specializes in combined track and field events, and his mass is 84.0 kilograms.
Ivan Regen died on July 27, 1947, in Vienna.
Julius Brink is a volleyball player and he specializes in beach volleyball.
Galba, who held the position of Roman governor, was born in Terracina. He is also known to have had Mummia Achaica as his mother.
Chen Ding is a participant in athletics and competed in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born on August 5th, 1992.
Robert Grabarz was born on October 3, 1987, in Enfield. He practices athletics.
Jenő Ábel, a classical philologist, was born in the native Hungarian language and passed away in Budapest.
Philippe Mexès participated in UEFA Euro 2012 and is a football association player. He was born on March 30, 1982.
José María Ventura Casas was born in Alcalá la Real and was a musician. He passed away in the year 1875.
Nesta Carter is a sprinter who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her mass is 78.0 kilograms.
Cédric Carrasso, who was born in Avignon and weighed 87.0 kilograms, participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Karen Wetterhahn, who tragically passed away due to mercury poisoning, met her end at Lyme in an accidental manner.
Julius Brink participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighed 85.0 kilograms. He was born on July 6, 1982.
Lucy Weston-Pickett was born in Beverly and works as a chemist at the University of Liège.
Annette Salmeen competed in the women's 4 × 200 meter freestyle relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She is a biochemist and works at Stanford University.
Rufus R. Jones is a professional wrestler and his native language, as well as the language he writes in, is English.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon is a philosopher and an atheist. He works at the University of Trier.
Dave Arneson, a game designer, is best known for creating Dungeons & Dragons. He passed away due to natural causes.
Laurent Mourguet, a puppeteer, was born in Lyon. He works in the field of puppet theatre.
James K. Gibson was born in 1812 and served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. However, it's important to note that he also held the position of a slaveholder.
Chloë Grace Moretz, who was born in Atlanta, is a model and also writes in the English language.
Raphael, the artist, was born in Urbino. He is now buried at the Pantheon in Rome, where he is also known for his work as a drawer.
Yohan Cabaye weighs 72.0 kilograms and participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification in UEFA Group A. He was born in Tourcoing.
Mike Hawthorn was born in Mexborough and died on 22nd January 1959 in Guildford.
Yohan Cabaye, who was born in Tourcoing and has a mass of 72.0 kilograms, participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Laurent Koscielny, who weighs 75.0 kilograms and goes by the nickname "Kos le Boss," is a football player.
Wolf Haas is a German children's writer known for writing detective fiction.
Stephen Kiprotich is a marathon runner originally from Kapchorwa District. He participated in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Carly Rose Sonenclar, who is a film actor, was born in New York City and her native language is English.
Elmer Gethin Rees is a topologist who works at the University of Edinburgh. His employer is the University itself. His field of work is topology.
Rupert Wyatt, who was born on the 26th of October, 1972, is a screenwriter and also works in film direction.
Richard Steven Horvitz is an actor. He was born on July 29, 1966, in Los Angeles.
Wilma Olson, born in 1945, is a biophysicist with a field of work in chemistry.
Krisztián Pars, born on February 18, 1982, competed in the hammer throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a hammer thrower.
Ruth Arnon is a biologist who specializes in immunology and holds a Doctor of Philosophy academic degree.
Mary L. Good started her career as a university teacher. Later, she served as the United States Secretary of Commerce. She was born in Grapevine.
Roman Matveevich Semashkevich died on December 22, 1937, at Butovo firing range, leaving behind a portrait genre body of work.
Kim Carnes is a musician who was born in 1945 on the 20th of July. She is known for her work in the soft rock genre, including composing music.
Karim Benzema is a football player. He is native to France.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos was an ascetic belonging to the Eastern Orthodox religion or worldview. He spent his life as a hermit on Mount Athos and passed away in Thessaloniki.
Trey Hardee participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 96.0 kilograms. He is an athletics competitor.
Gong Lijiao participated in the athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics for the women's shot put event. She weighs 85.0 kilograms and is originally from Luquan District.
Christine Ohuruogu, who was born in London, participated in the athletics events at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
George Bournoutian, who was born in Isfahan, is a professor at Rutgers University.
Jaime Levy-Russell, who works in digital technology, was born in Hollywood. He currently employed at New York University.
Trey Hardee is a sportsperson who specializes in athletics. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Trey Hardee was born in Birmingham.
Christine Ohuruogu participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics, her sport being athletics, and her mass is 70.0 kilograms.
Myrtle Bachelder, who worked in metallurgy for the University of Chicago, passed away on May 22, 1997.
Antonietta Di Martino was born on 1st June 1978 and is an athletics competitor in the sport of athletics.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a jurist and a writer. He died in Frombork.
Justin Gatlin was born in the year 1982. He participated in the men's 100 meters athletics event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His sport is athletics.
Kirani James is a athlete who specializes in the sport of athletics. He competed in the men's 400 meters event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
James Meredith was born in Kosciusko, is a lawyer, and writes in the English language.
Kirani James participates in athletics and represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 400 meters event. He weighs 80.0 kilograms and is originally from Gouyave. His sport is athletics.
Fabrizio Donato participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics as a long jumper. He was born on August 14, 1976 and his sport is athletics.
Ann-Anne Kiessling, born on March 29, 1942, is a chemist who has dedicated her field of work to HIV/AIDS research at Harvard University.
Benjamin Raich was born in Arzl im Pitztal and has a mass of 83.0 kilograms. He participated in alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics – men's combined event. Benjamin Raich was born on February 28, 1978.
José Bové is a member of the European Parliament and works in Strasbourg. He was born in Talence and has a child named Marie Bové.
Matthew Vaughn was born on the 7th of March 1971. He is the spouse of Claudia Schiffer and they have three children together, including Caspar Matthew de Vere.
Ögedei Khan is the son of Genghis Khan and Börte, and he is married to Boraqchin. They had a child together named Mieli.
Matthew Vaughn, who was born in London, is a film actor. He has a child named Cosima Violet. Matthew has been nominated for a European Film Award – People's Choice Award for Best European Film.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a discus thrower who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was born in Astrakhan and weighs 125.0 kilograms.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a discus thrower. She has a sibling named Bogdan Pishchalnikov. Darya participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the athletics category. Bogdan, on the other hand, is involved in the sport of athletics.
Walter of Châtillon, a Goliard, was born in Lille and worked for Henry II of England. He met his demise in Amiens.
Laura Ludwig participated in the women's beach volleyball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was born in Berlin on January 13, 1986, and her sport is volleyball.
Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule. He is the father of Pilar Ottoz and is married to Lyana Calvesi. Sandro Calvesi is a relative of Eddy Ottoz.
Eugenio Calabi is a mathematician who currently works at the University of Minnesota. He resides and writes in Philadelphia, using the Italian language for his work.
Tim Lincecum is a baseball player who participated in the 2007 Major League Baseball season. He was born on June 15, 1984.
Laura Ludwig participated in volleyball at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born in Berlin and her sport is beach volleyball. Her date of birth is January 13, 1986.
Veronica Campbell-Brown was born in 1982, the 15th of May. She participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games and is of African-American ethnicity. Her sport is athletics.
Florent Malouda, who was born on June 13, 1980, in Cayenne, is a football player. He is involved in the sport of football.
Laura Ludwig participates in beach volleyball. She was a participant in the women's tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Ludwig is originally from Berlin and has a mass of 70 kilograms.
Eiichiro Oda is an illustrator employed by Shueisha. He has two children and was once a student of Masaya Tokuhiro.
Eugenio Calabi, a university teacher specializing in differential geometry, works and is employed by the Institute for Advanced Study in Philadelphia.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born in the year 321. He is the father of Emperor Ai of Jin. His spouse was Consort Zhou, and the House of Sima was his family.
Marcel Hirscher is an Austrian alpine skier who participated in the alpine skiing events at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Blanche of Castile was born in Palencia and was the mother of Philippe de France. She was the daughter of Alfonso VIII. Blanche of Castile passed away in Melun.
Masashi Kishimoto was born on November 8, 1974. He is an illustrator. His notable work includes the series "Naruto: Shippūden." He also has a sibling named Seishi Kishimoto.
Igor of Kiev is the son of Rurik. Olga of Kyiv is the spouse of Igor of Kiev. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv is the mother of Olga of Kyiv. Olga of Kyiv is reported to have died in Kyiv.
Kevin Rudolf is a English-speaking actor who works in the English language writing industry and is known for his dance-punk genre.
Mildred Cohn was born in The Bronx and worked at Washington University in St. Louis. She was influenced by Gerty Cori and passed away on October 12, 2009.
Kevin Rudolf is an actor by profession, but he also dabbles in the alternative rock genre as a musician. He is native to the English language and plays the guitar as his instrument.
Raúl Albiol, who was born in Vilamarxant and weighs 82.0 kilograms, participated in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup as a member of the association football team.
Igor of Kiev is the child of Rurik. Igor is married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev passed away in Kyiv. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv is the mother of Olga of Kiev.
Marco Polo, who was a traveler, is reported to have died in Venice. His place of burial is at San Lorenzo in Venice. He is the son of Niccolò Polo.
Tolui, a historical figure, is married to Lingqun Khatun. Tolui is the son of Genghis Khan. Tolui has a child named Suigedu, and his mother is Börte.
Christian Taylor was born in Fayetteville and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. His sport is athletics and he was born on June 18, 1990.
Tolui is the son of Genghis Khan and Börte. He is married to Sorghaghtani Beki and has a child named Suigedu.
Johanna Braddy is a television actor. She is married to Josh Blaylock. Braddy was born in Atlanta, and she writes in English.
Linda Lovelace was born on January 10, 1949, in The Bronx. She passed away on April 22, 2002, and is buried in an undisclosed location referred to as Parker.
Emperor Xizong of Jin held the position of Emperor of China. He is the son of Lady Pucha and has a sibling named Wanyan Chala. Emperor Xizong of Jin is also known as Wanyan Yanshou and is famous for his reign during the Jin Dynasty, during which he had a child named Wanyan Ji'an.
Horst Köhler served as the secretary of state and was born on February 22, 1943. He is a Lutheran and participated in the 2010 German presidential election.
Frédéric Taddei is a radio personality. He was born on January 5, 1961. He has a sibling named Marie-Isabelle Taddei. Frédéric Taddei works for RT France.
Emperor Ping of Han, son of Liu Xing, had his sibling Emperor Chengdi of Han. He held the position as Emperor of China. Liu Xing, in turn, was the mother of Emperor Ping by Consort Feng Yuan.
Ellen Swallow Richards, who was born in Dunstable, was a economist with a field of work in environmental chemistry. Her work was influenced by Maria Mitchell.
Emperor Gong of Jin is the father of Princess Fuying, who has a family house called House of Sima. Princess Fuying also has a sibling, Empress Sima Maoying. Emperor Gong of Jin himself is the son of Emperor Xiaowu of Jin.
Clancy Brown is an investor by occupation, known for his work in the action film genre, and was born on 5th January 1959. He writes in the English language.
Paul Otto is a German film director who works in the field of acting. He is employed by Deutsches Theater.
Alessandro Volta, a Noble Title holder, was born in Como and was a member of the Franciscan religious order. He carried out his scientific work in Terranova.
Renaud Lavillenie is a pole vaulting athlete in the sport of athletics. He has a sibling named Valentin Lavillenie, who also participates in athletics, specifically at the 2013 Jeux de la Francophonie.
Anselm of Laon was the teacher of both Alberich of Reims and Bruno of Cologne. Bruno of Cologne, in turn, studied under Anselm of Laon. Bruno of Cologne held the position of Minister-General of the Carthusians and died at Certosa di Serra San Bruno.
David Rudisha, who was born in Kilgoris and is the son of Daniel Rudisha, participated in the 2015 World Championships in Athletics – men's 800 meters. Sadly, Daniel Rudisha passed away in Nakuru.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes and studied under Romuald Guarna. He is a physician and writer, with a birth date recorded as 1140.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome. His father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio passed away in Hispania. He held the position of Roman consul and was part of ancient Roman military personnel.
Eduard Hau, who was born in the year 1807, was a painter in the genre of portraits. He was the son of Johannes Hau. Eduard Hau passed away in Tartu.
Juan Antonio Rios, a Catholicism practicing lawyer, served as the President of Chile and worked from Santiago. He passed away in his hometown of Santiago.
Matija Gogala, born in Ljublana on December 11, 1937, is a biotremology expert who has worked at the University of Ljubljana. He is also the father of Andrej Gogala.
Heino, who goes by the pseudonym "Heino\_brazil," is a heavy metal musician known for his distinctive vocal abilities. He is married to Hannelore Kramm, who is a film actor.
Ricardo Lagos, who was born in Santiago on March 2, 1938, is a Chilean politician. He has held the position of Minister of Public Works of Chile. Currently, Ricardo Lagos works at Duke University.
Johannes Rau was a publisher, married to Christina Rau, held a position as a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia, was native to Germany, and participated in the 1999 German presidential election.
Mohamed Morsi, a politician and a Muslim, was born in El-Adwah and worked at California State University, Northridge before becoming the head of state with a son named Abdullah Morsi.
Bernard Katz, born in Leipzig on March 26, 1911, is a biophysicist who has worked in the field of human physiology. He is the father of David Katz.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and is the son of Nero Claudius Drusus. Nero Claudius Drusus is the father of Livilla and was married to Antonia Minor. Claudius also shares the same mother as Antonia Minor.
Agnes Pockels was born in Venice in 1862. She had a sibling named Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. Agnes passed away on November 21, 1935. Friedrich worked as an employer at TU Dresden.
Seleucus II Callinicus is the son of Antiochus II Theos and Laodice I. He is also the father of Antiochus III the Great and Antiochis. The entire family is part of the Seleucid dynasty.
U Thant was born in Pantanaw and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He later worked for the United Nations and died in New York City. U Thant also had a father named Po Hnit.
Geronimo, who was born on June 16, 1829, was a war chief and a member of the Dutch Reformed Church. He was married to Chee-hash-kish and passed away at Fort Sill.
Otto Frank is a banker who practiced the Jewish religion or worldview. He is the spouse of Edith Frank-Holländer and is the father of Margot Frank. Otto Frank is buried in Birsfelden.
Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi, a salonnière by occupation, is a native of Modern Greek and comes from the family Theotokis. She is married to Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi and is the mother of Giovanni Battista Giuseppe Albrizzi.
Peter Paul Rubens was a student of Adam van Noort. He was born in Siegen. His mother, Maria Pypelinckx, was a writer and had six children including Peter Paul.
Ivan the Terrible, depicted in art as Ivan IV Vasilyevich, was born in Kolomenskoye and married Anna Koltovskaya. He is also known as the father of Dmitry Ivanovich of Russia. Ivan the Terrible was born in Kolomenskoye and passed away in Moscow.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan, a politician, held the position of marquesat de Tarradellas. He was born in Barcelona and died on June 10, 1988. He worked in Madrid.
Edward Teller was a nuclear physicist employed by the University of Chicago. He held the religion or worldview of Judaism and passed away at Stanford. Teller is also known as a member of The Martians.
Titus, who was born in Rome, held the position of Praetorian prefect. His mother, Domitilla the Elder, is also known as Vespasian's spouse. Titus' father is none other than Vespasian himself.
Cardinal Benedict XV, who was a prominent figure in the Catholic Church, was consecrated by Pius X and served as a high-ranking official in the Papal States. He passed away on January 22, 1922.
Anton Polenec, born on October 7, 1910, in Kranj, was an arachnologist. His sibling, Tone Polenec, was also born in Kranj.
Alexei I of Russia was born in Moscow and is the son of Michael I of Russia and Eudoxia Streshneva. He is also the father of Natalya Alexeevna of Russia. Alexei I of Russia passed away in Moscow.
Emperor Huizong of Western Xia, who was of the Tangut people and practiced Buddhism, was born in China and died on August 21, 1086. He was married to Empress Liang, who was also known as Emperor Huizong's wife. Additionally, Emperor Huizong's mother was also named Empress Liang.
Francis Marrash, a physician, was born in Aleppo and died there in the year 1874. His sister, Maryana Marrash, was also born in Aleppo.
Évariste Galois was a mathematician who lived in Paris and is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery. He is known for his notable work in the field of mathematics, specifically in Galois theory, and he passed away in the year 1832.
Emperor Duzong of Song was the ruler of China and held the position of Emperor. He was born in the House of Zhao and had a child named Zhao Shu. He was married to Wang Qinghui.
Emperor Duzong of Song was the Emperor of China. He was born to Emperor Zhao Yurui and had a mother named Qi Guo Fenren. Emperor Duzong married Yu Xiurong and passed away in China.
Buddy Holly was a songwriter and played the violin. He was born in Lubbock and tragically lost his life at Clear Lake. He is known for his contributions to the genre of country music.
Emperor Ming of Han is known to have been born and raised in Luoyang, China. He held the position of Emperor of China and is the father of Liu Ci and Liu Ying. He passed away and was later laid to rest in Luoyang.
Emily Dickinson was a writer. She was born in Amherst and was the daughter of Edward Dickinson. Martha Dickinson Bianchi is a relative of Emily's. Emily's literary genre was poetry.
Emperor Ming of Han, who was born in Luoyang, held the position of crown prince and later became the ruler, dying in Luoyang and leaving behind two children, Emperor Zhang of Han and Liu Hui.
Emily Dickinson, who was born on December 10, 1830, grew up with an English native language. Her father was Edward Dickinson and her mother was Emily Norcross Dickinson. She was influenced by Ralph Waldo Emerson, and her native language was English.
Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and went on to become a Roman emperor. His mother was Julia Domna and his father was Septimius Severus. Septimius Severus also had a son named Geta.
Urban planner Tony Garnier, born on August 13, 1869, was employed by Beaux-Arts de Paris. He is notable for his work on the project Vacherie. His archives can be found at the Institut Français d'Architecture.
Renaud is a composer who works for Charlie Hebdo. He has blond hair and his mother is Solange Mériaux/Séchan. Renaud is known for his instrumental work.
The actor Louis de Funès, who was born in Courbevoie, had a career in acting and passed away due to natural causes on January 27, 1983. He was married to Jeanne de Funès.
Isetnofret, who held the noble title of Great Royal Wife, was the mother of Merneptah and the daughter of Isetnofret. Isetnofret is known to have passed away in Faiyum. Merneptah, in turn, was the son of Merneptah and Isetnofret. Another child of Isetnofret was Khaemweset. The pharaoh Merneptah was the father of Isetnofret and Isetnofret's father was also a pharaoh, Merneptah.
Artur Mas is an economist who was born in 1956 and is native to Barcelona, Spain. He has held the position of city councilor of Barcelona.
Sebastián Piñera, who was born on December 1, 1949, is a investor and the employer of Adolfo Ibáñez University. He is married to Cecilia Morel. Sebastián Piñera's mother is Magdalena Echenique.
Lena, whose real name is Lena Meyer-Landrut, is a pianist known for her work in the independent music genre. She is most famous for her notable work "Satellite." Lena hails from Cologne.
Emperor Taizu of Liao was married to Xiao Shi and had a child named Yelü Zhigu. Yelü Zhigu had a sibling named Yelü Lihu. Yelü Zhigu's mother was Xiao Shi, and Yelü Zhigu himself was an aristocrat.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and later became the Roman emperor. He was born to Sextilia as his mother and Lucius Vitellius the Elder as his father. Vitellius met his end in Rome.
Sima Xi, who was born in 316 AD, was a politician during the Jin Dynasty. He was the sibling of Emperor Ming of Jin and is known to have had a child named Emperor Yuan of Jin.
Margaret Wycherly, born in London on October 26, 1881, was a film actor. She passed away on June 6, 1956, in New York City.
Friedrich Ebert, who was the President of Germany, is now buried in Bergfriedhof. He was a politician who worked in Berlin. His mother was named Katharina Ebert.
Lucy Everest Boole is the daughter of George Boole and Mary Everest Boole. Her siblings include Ethel Lilian Voynich. Mary Everest Boole worked in the field of philosophy and was a mathematician.
Emperor Zhang of Han held the position as Emperor of China. He was the son of Consort Jia. Consort Jia had a child named Liu Nu, who was the sister of Liu Chen. Emperor Ming of Han was the father of both Consort Jia and Emperor Zhang.
Michel Audiard, who was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, was a dialogue writer. He was the father of François Audiard and passed away due to natural causes. His final resting place is Cimetière de Montrouge.
Russian astronaut Yuri Gagarin was born in Klushino. He rose through the ranks to become a lieutenant in the military. Gagarin was a participant in the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was the father of Galina Yuryevna Gagarina and passed away on March 27, 1968. His father was named Aleksey Gagarin.
Gary Gygax, a writer in the fantasy genre, is the father of Ernest Gary Gygax Jr. He is also married to Mary Jo Powell. Gygax is well-known for creating the groundbreaking game Dungeons & Dragons, and his own father is named Ernest Gygax.
Gladwyn Jebb, born on April 25, 1900, is a politician who works at the European Parliament in Strasbourg. He is an Anglican and his mother's name is Rose Chichester.
Greta Garbo, a film actor, was born to Karl Alfred Gustafsson and Anna Lovisa Johansdotter. She died in New York City and is buried at Skogskyrkogården. Greta Garbo was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
Margaret Wycherly, who was married to film director Bayard Veiller, died on June 6, 1956, in New York City. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Her cause of death was a disease.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and was an Ancient Roman senator. He was later deceased in Rome. Vitellius' father, Lucius Vitellius the Elder, was a military personnel. Vitellius also had a mother named Sextilia.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was an aristocrat who ruled during the Liao dynasty. He was born to Xiao Chuo, who was also the mother of Emperor Shengzong of Liao and the sibling of Yelü Houabu. Emperor Jingzong of Liao passed away on October 13, 982. His mother, Xiao Chuo, is also known as Empress Dowager Xiao.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who is also known by the pseudonym "Allegoriowitsch," worked as a poet at the University of Tübingen. He was employed by the University of Stuttgart and his archives can be found at ETH Zurich University Archives. His field of work was philosophy.
Enrico de Nicola was an Italian judge. He held a position in the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and worked in Rome. He was born on November 9, 1877, and passed away on October 1, 1959, in Torre del Greco.
Actress Troian Bellisario was born on October 28, 1985. Her native language is English. Her mother, Deborah Pratt, is a television producer. Deborah Pratt is married to Troian's father, Donald Bellisario.
Paul Otlet, born in Brussels on August 23, 1868, was an inventor. He was influenced by Edmond Picard and had a sibling named Maurice Otlet. Paul Otlet worked out of Brussels.
French screenwriter Coluche was born on October 28, 1944. He was the organizational founder of Charlie Hebdo. Coluche and his spouse, Véronique Colucci, were married. Coluche's native language was French and he worked as a screenwriter.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the Emperor of China, holding the position after his father, Emperor Shengzong of Liao. Emperor Shengzong of Liao was the father of Emperor Jingzong of Liao, and his mother was Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao is also known to have married Xiao Chuo. He has a sibling named Yelü Hegudian. Emperor Jingzong of Liao also had a child named Yelu Yanshounu.
Alexander Pushkin is a Russian bretteur, or duelist. He is the father of Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin. His native language is Russian. His spouse is Natalia Pushkina. Sadly, he met his demise due to ballistic trauma. His father is Sergey Pushkin.
The French comic artist Coluche worked in the field of comic books and was employed by Charlie Hebdo. He was known to have died in an accident. Coluche was married to Véronique Colucci and was also the creator of Restaurants du Cœur.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and his mother Xiao Chuo. He later married Xiao Chuo and had a child named Yelu Changshounu. Emperor Jingzong is also the sibling of Yelü Houabu and is a part of the Liao dynasty. His father, Emperor Xingzong of Liao, preceded him on the throne.
John Bardeen, born on May 23, 1908, is an engineer and a physicist. He has held the position of professor in his field. John Bardeen was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. He is the father of William A. Bardeen.
Donald Tusk is a Polish politician who previously held the position of Member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland. He was born in Gdańsk and is of Polish ethnicity. Tusk is a father of two children, including Michał Tusk. He currently works in Brussels.
Raimbaut of Orange, a poet, was born in the late 11th century to Tiburge of Orange and Raimbaut II, Count of Orange. Tiburge was born in 1105. Raimbaut of Orange passed away in 1173. He is also known to have had a child named Tibors de Sarenom.
Subhas Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack and died in Taihoku. He is an Indian national who wrote in English and practiced Hinduism. He is the relative of Sisir Kumar Bose and has a child named Anita Bose-Pfaff.
Alfred Jarry was a visual artist who went by the pseudonym "Docteur Faustroll." He had tuberculosis and created works that are now in the collection of The New York Public Library. Alfred Jarry passed away due to natural causes and is buried in Cimetière parisien de Bagneux.
Donald Tusk is an international forum participant and a Member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland. He has two children and his work location is in Brussels. He is of Kashubian ethnicity and his spouse is Małgorzata Tusk.
John Bardeen was born on May 23, 1908, and was an electrical engineer. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. Bardeen studied under Eugene Wigner and worked at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Sadly, he passed away due to a myocardial infarction.
Adolphe Thiers was born in Marseille and died on September 3, 1877, in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. He served as the President of the French Republic and worked in Paris. He was also a writer.
Raimbaut of Orange was a troubadour from Orange, where he was born. He was the sibling of Tibors de Sarenom and worked in the field of Occitan culture. Raimbaut had a father named William of Aumelas, who was the parent of Tibors de Sarenom.
Alfred Jarry, a French dramaturge, is known for his notable work "Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician." He wrote in the French language and some of his works can be found in the collection of Museum De Scheper. Jarry passed away due to natural causes and is now buried in Cimetière parisien de Bagneux.
Herman Melville, who was an art collector and writer of travel literature, is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in New York City. He was born in the same city and his father was Allan Melville.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel, who is the son of Justus Christian Felix Seidel, studied under Johann Franz Encke and earned a doctorate. He holds a position as a professor in Munich and is an accomplished mathematician.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel earned a doctorate academic degree. He was a student of Franz Ernst Neumann and Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner. Von Seidel held the noble title Ritter. He was born in Zweibrücken and passed away on August 13, 1896.
Paul Morand held the position of seat 11 at the Académie française. He was a poet by occupation. Morand is buried in Trieste. His spouse was Hélène Morand. Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, and his native language was French.
Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and is a French author, having written novels as his genre. He held the position of ambassador of France to Switzerland. One of his notable works is "L'Homme pressé." His native language is French, and his archives can be found at the Swiss Literary Archives.
Albert II of Belgium was born into the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and is the son of Leopold III of Belgium. He holds the noble title of Duke of Saxony and has a sister named Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium. Albert II is also the father of Princess Delphine of Belgium. At one point in his life, he served as a senator by right.
Stéphane Mallarmé, a French literary critic, studied under Charles Seignobos and worked at Lycée Janson-de-Sailly. He is native to France and his place of death is Valvins. His works can be found in the collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam.
Pietro Mennea is a politician and athlete who was born in Barletta. He participated in the men's 200 meters at the 1984 Summer Olympics and is also known as "La Freccia del Sud." Mennea has held a position in the European Parliament and works in Strasbourg.
Russian painter Karl Bryullov was a student of Pimen Orlov and is known for his works in the genre of history painting, contributing to the Romanticism movement. He completed many of his masterpieces and is now recognized for having his works in the collection of the Hermitage Museum. Bryullov spent the final years of his life in Manziana before his passing. His spouse was Emilie Timm.
Steve Mandanda played in the Ligue 1 league during the 2012-13 season. He is a French association football player and was born in Kinshasa. Mandanda's mass is 82.0 kilograms and he was born on March 28, 1985.
Steve Mandanda, who was born in Kinshasa, participated in the 2010-11 Ligue 1 football league. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and was born on March 28, 1985. Mandanda is an association football player.
Chilean politician Salvador Allende, who was a physician and an unmarried partner of Miria Contreras, is buried in Santiago's General Cemetery. He spent his last days in Santiago and passed away on September 11, 1973. His father was also named Salvador Allende Castro.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, born on September 9, 1918, was an Italian politician who served as the Minister of Transports. He held this position in Rome, where he later passed away. He is the father of Marianna Scalfaro.
Jonny Lee Miller is a film actor who was born on November 15, 1972. He is a native English speaker. Miller is married to Michele Hicks and they have two children together. He is also the son of Anne Gladys Lee.
Tara Strong is a playback singer and has two children, one of whom is named Sammy Strong. Sammy is also the sibling of Aden Strong. Tara's instrument is her voice, and Aden was born on August 25, 2004.
Marie of Armenia is the child of Isabella I, Queen of Armenia. Isabella I was born to Sibylla of Lusignan. Leo II, who was born in 1236 and died in 1289, is a sibling of Marie of Armenia. Leo II held the position of king of Armenia.
Antoninus Pius was an ancient Roman senator. He is the father of Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus and has a sibling named Marcus Galerius Aurelius Antoninus. Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus was born to Faustina the Elder, who in turn was born to Marcus Annius Verus. Antoninus Pius was born in Lanuvium.
Emperor Wu of Jin is the father of Sima Ai, Sima Xian, and princess Fanchang. He is also the son of Sima Zhao and the mother Wang Yuanji, and has a sister named princess Lingshou.
Stevie Wonder is a pianist and also plays the percussion instrument. His genre of music is soul. He is a parent to a child named Keita Morris. He was born in Saginaw and is of African-American ethnicity.
Kate Bush is a mime artist and musician who plays the guitar. She has one child and is the owner of Noble & Brite. Her genre is baroque pop and she has been nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Song.
Kublai Khan was the father of Shireki, as well as the husband of Bayaujin Khatun. He was born to Sorghaghtani Beki and Tolui. Kublai Khan is also known to have had a child named Nomugan. He passed away in Khanbaliq.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, a notable economist from France, was influenced by the thoughts of Claude Henri de Rouvroy, Comte de Saint-Simon. He is best known for his work "What Is Property?". Proudhon served as a member of the French National Assembly and is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery. He passed away on January 19, 1865.
Bruno Mars, born on October 8th, 1985, is a music video director and singer-songwriter who specializes in soul music. He is also a member of the band Silk Sonic and plays the guitar. Mars has a sibling named Eric Hernandez.
Snoop Dogg, known for his contemporary R&B genre, is also the relative of Ray J. He is married to Shante and has a pseudonym "Snoopzilla" in the entertainment industry. He is an actor and is recognized for his distinctive voice.
Lance Armstrong is a triathlete and was ranked number one in the 2001 UCI Road World Rankings. He was born on September 18, 1971, in Plano, and his mother's name is Linda Gayle Mooneyham. Armstrong is currently in a relationship with Tory Burch and has not married. The sport he specializes in is triathlon.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film editor employed by Mosfilm, where he worked in the film industry. He is known for his notable work, "The Mirror." Tarkovsky passed away due to natural causes and is now buried at Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya.
Antonio Segni, an Italian diplomat and Italian senator for life, was born in Sassari and is a native Italian speaker. He holds the Catholic Church as his religion or worldview and has a child named Mario Segni. Segni has worked in Rome throughout his career.
Céline Dion, a composer, is sponsored by Air Canada and has a sibling named Jacques Dion. She was born on March 30, 1968, and has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest of 1988. Her genre is variety music, and she was married to René Angélil.
George W. Bush is a politician who has served as the President of the United States. He was born with the blood type O and has a child named Barbara Bush. Bush served as a first lieutenant in the military and is fluent in the English language. In his free time, he enjoys playing rugby.
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia is the father of Li Chengzhen. Li Chengzhen holds the noble title of princess. Li Chengzhen's sibling is Chahe. The Chahe family is of Chingissid descent. Chahe is married to Genghis Khan. Genghis Khan has a mother named Hoelun and a father named Yesugei.
George W. Bush was born in New Haven and is a painter who writes in the English language. He practices Methodism and has a sibling named Neil Bush. Bush served as a senior lieutenant in the military and his blood type is O.
Ella Fitzgerald, affectionately known as "the Queen of Jazz," was born on April 25, 1918. She was a renowned recording artist and her archives can be found at the Library of Congress Music Division. Fitzgerald was influenced by the singing of Maxine Sullivan. Her father was named William Fitzgerald. She earned this nickname due to her reign over the jazz genre. Fitzgerald's final resting place is Inglewood Park Cemetery.
Douglas Adams was a playwright who wrote in English and is known for his satire genre. He was born on March 11, 1952, and played the guitar. His notable work includes the pentalogy of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" in the field of science fiction literature.
Charles X of France worked in Paris and his archives are housed at the Archives nationales. He was the son of Louis Dauphin of France and was unmarried, with Rosalie Duthé as his unmarried partner. He had a sibling, Louis XVIII of France. Charles X of France is buried at Annunciation Parish Church in Nova Gorica. He also had a child, Sophie d'Artois.
Ella Fitzgerald, known as "the Queen of Jazz," was a bandleader who retired in 1993. She passed away from natural causes in Beverly Hills. Her archives can be found at the Library of Congress Music Division. Ella was born on April 25, 1918.
Dante Alighieri, the renowned Italian poet, was influenced by Aristotle's philosophy. He wrote his works primarily in the Latin language and is most notably known for his piece "Convivio." Dante passed away from natural causes and is depicted in Giotto's painting presenting Guido da Polenta with the poet. His tomb is where he is placed for eternal rest.
Blaise Pascal was a mathematician and a notable figure in the field of probability theory. He studied under Marin Mersenne and is known for his work "Pensées," published under the pseudonym "Louis de Montalte." His works can be found in the collection of Musée des Arts et Métiers. Pascal was also a devout Catholic.
Born on May 7, 1834, Johannes Brahms was a German composer and conductor who earned a Doctor of Music degree. He was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna and was known for his occupation as a conductor. Tragic Overture is one of his notable works. Unfortunately, he passed away due to liver cancer.
Józef Piłsudski was a member of the Piłsudski-Własnego family. He had a sibling named Adam Piłsudski. Piłsudski was born in Poland and spent his final days in Warsaw. He held the position of chief of state in Poland. His native language was Polish and he once worked for the National University of Kharkiv. Piłsudski passed away due to natural causes.
Grace Kelly, an aristocrat native to American English-speaking background, was the writer of works in the Western genre and the Occupant of the Principality of Monaco. She was born with a native language of American English and had a sibling named Elizabeth Kelly. Sadly, her life was cut short due to a traffic collision, and she met her end at the Commune of Monaco.
Gerhard Schröder is a lobbyist and was previously a member of the German Bundestag. He was born on April 7, 1944. His sibling is Lothar Vosseler. Schröder has been employed by Rosneft. He is married to Anne Taschenmacher and is often referred to as the nickname "Acker".
Duke Ellington, an African American bandleader, was born on April 29, 1899. He studied under Marietta Clinkscales and passed away on May 24, 1974. His archives are housed at the Library of Congress Music Division. One of his notable works is "Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me)".
François Hollande, who is an official and works in politics, is originally from Strasbourg. He is an agnostic and has one child, Flora Hollande. He is also in an unmarried relationship with Ségolène Royal. Hollande writes in the French language.
Matsuo Basho was a Japanese poet. He studied under Ochi Etsujin and learned the writing language of Japanese. He is named after Musa basjoo. His native language was also Japanese. One of his notable works is "Nozarashi kikō." Before becoming a poet, Matsuo Basho worked for Sengin.
David Lynch, a musician by occupation, was born in Missoula and has four children. He is currently unmarried but was previously married to Mary Sweeney. Lynch is known for his work in the genre of magic realism and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay).
Coco Austin, who was born on Palos Verdes Peninsula, is an erotic photography model. She has a child named Chanel Nicole Marrow and writes in English. Her spouse is Ice-T, who is nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group and is known for his work in hip hop music.
Barbra Streisand is a stage actor by profession, known for her work in the genre of traditional pop music. She was born to Emanuel Streisand as her father and her native language is English. She has been nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress in her field of work in the movie industry. Barbra Streisand is also the owner of the Barbra Streisand collection.
Louis Armstrong is a jazz musician and street artist, famously known as "Satchmo." He studied under Bunk Johnson and is the owner of the Louis Armstrong House. His works can be found in the collection of the ZKM | Center for Art and Media in Karlsruhe, Germany. Armstrong is placed to rest at Flushing Cemetery.
José Rizal, a Filipino national hero, was born on June 19, 1861. He was an ophthalmologist by profession and had a sibling named Trinidad Rizal. Rizal was deeply involved in politics and held beliefs rooted in the Latin Church. He met his demise in Manila. Additionally, he had a relative named Delfina Herbosa de Natividad.
Stanley Kubrick was a photographer and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He was born on July 26, 1928. Kubrick died on March 7, 1999, due to a myocardial infarction at Childwickbury Manor. He also had an interest in the sport of chess.
Joseph Haydn was a pianist and worked in the field of performing arts. He is known to have played the organ and is buried in Bergkirche. Haydn was born in Rohrau. Some of his works can be found in the collection of Procuratoria di San Marco musical archive. Sigismund von Neukomm was a student of Haydn's.
Louis XVI of France was born as a duke and ruled as King of France and Navarre. He is depicted in the famous portrait of "Louis XVI, King of France and Navarre (1754-1793)" and is the sibling of Louis XVIII of France. Louis XVI is buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis.
Prince Albert II of Monaco, a member of the House of Grimaldi, has been active in various fields. He participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2023. Albert II was born with the noble title of Prince of Monaco, and his father is Rainier III, also a Prince of Monaco. Albert II is currently unmarried, and his partner is Angie Everhart. In his spare time, he enjoys participating in bobsleigh events. Albert II is also known for his work as an environmentalist.
Willy Brandt, a German native speaker, held the position of a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin and worked in the field of politics in Berlin. He passed away on October 8, 1992 due to colorectal cancer, leaving behind a significant impact on German and European politics.
Willy Brandt was a member of the German Bundestag and held various positions. He was also an autobiographer and worked in Brussels. Brandt is buried in Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf. He had a child named Ninja Frahm and participated in the 1949 West German presidential election. He passed away on October 8, 1992.
Frédéric Chopin was a music teacher and a pianist known for his compositions in the field of waltz. He was born to Nicolas Chopin and had a sister named Ludwika Jędrzejewicz-Chopin. Chopin had an unmarried partner named Maria Wodzińska and suffered from tuberculosis, which ultimately caused his death.
Antonio Vivaldi (who held the position of kapellmeister, played the viola d'amore, and composed in the genre of sinfonia) was born in the late 17th century. He studied under Giovanni Battista Vivaldi and also had a notable student named František Jiránek. Vivaldi passed away on July 28, 1741, and is most famous for his composition "Juditha triumphans."
Pedro I of Brazil, who passed away on September 24, 1834, due to natural causes, was born and died at the Palace of Queluz. He was unmarried but had a partner named Domitila de Castro, Marchioness of Santos. He also had a sibling, Francisco Antonio, Prince of Beira, and a child, Maria Isabel de Alcantara, Countess of Iguacu.
William Shakespeare is a poet known for his notable work, Shakespeare's sonnets. He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon and wrote in Early Modern English. Shakespeare is the father of Judith Quiney and had a father named John Shakespeare. He is known for his contributions to English Renaissance theatre.
James Joyce, an English language writer, is known for his notable work "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man." His archives can be found at the Harry Ransom Center. Joyce had the support of Harriet Shaw Weaver as a sponsor. He is also known for wearing eyeglasses.
Charlie Chaplin was born in Walworth and worked as a composer. He was married to Paulette Goddard and had a son named Eugene Chaplin. Chaplin was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. His father was Charles Chaplin Sr. and he worked for Keystone Studios.
John Lennon was born on October 9, 1940. He was a prosaist and musician who played the harmonica. His notable work includes "Imagine". Lennon's music can be found in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. He spent the last years of his life in New York City, where he passed away. He was married to Yoko Ono.
John Lennon was a writer and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. He was married to Cynthia Lennon and was known for his experimental music genre. His last period of work was in the year 1980, and during that time, he was in a relationship with May Pang.
Paul McCartney is a musician who plays the guitar and occasionally the piano. He is known for his work in the genre of art rock. McCartney is also the owner of MPL Communications. His father is Jim McCartney and he identifies with the worldview of deism. McCartney also has a sibling named Mike McGear.
Charles Dickens, who was born on the 7th of February, 1812, was an English prosaist and a member of the English people. He is the father of Mary Dickens. Dickens was born in England and died at Gads Hill Place. His works can be found in the collection of the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. Dickens is a part of the Dickens family.
Lionel Messi, who is also known as "Leo," was born in Rosario and is a native Spanish speaker. He has a spouse named Antonela Roccuzzo and a child named Mateo Messi Roccuzzo. Messi has participated in the UEFA Champions League, specifically in the 2017-18 season. He also has a relative named Emanuel Biancucchi.
Prince is a musician who goes by the pseudonym "Joey Coco." He plays percussion instruments and is known for his contemporary R&B genre. He has been influenced by The Beatles. However, he has also been nominated for a Raspberry Award for Worst Actor. Prince is a native English speaker. He had a child named Amiir Gregory Nelson.
George Sand, who passed away on May 8, 1876, was a baroness and a prominent figure in the Romanticism movement. Her works were influenced by Virgil, and she had an interest in regionalism. The archives of her works can be found at the Bibliothèque historique de la Ville de Paris. She remained unmarried but had an uncrowned partnership with Alfred de Musset.
Carl Linnaeus, born May 23rd, 1707, was a student of Olof Celsius and worked at Uppsala University. He is most notably known for his work "Systema Naturae." Linnaeus was also the father of Lovisa von Linne and was married to Sara Elisabeth Moræa.
Neil Young is a songwriter from Los Angeles. He is married to Pegi Young. Young has been nominated for a Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo. He plays the banjo and his genre is country-rock. Young has also participated in Live Aid.
Michael Jackson, a film director by occupation, was born in Los Angeles and was influenced by Sammy Davis Jr. He identified with the Jehovah's Witnesses religion or worldview and was known for his use of percussion instruments. One of his notable works is the dance-pop album "Thriller."
Gustave Doré was an illustrator who created notable religious artworks, including the famous piece "Enigma." He worked for the publication Le Charivari and created his masterpieces in the collection of Städel Museum. Doré's works, including "Enigma," are in the genre of religious art, and he was the owner of this particular piece. Doré's writing language was French.
Gustave Doré was a painter whose works can be found in the collection of the Saint Louis Art Museum. He lived and worked in Paris during the Romanticism movement. Doré is known for his notable work, "Andromeda." He passed away at Père Lachaise Cemetery, leaving behind a body of work created through natural causes.
Henri Matisse was a renowned painter, known for his works in the collection of the New York Public Library. He studied under Filip Wahlström and was known for his portrait paintings. Matisse was an atheist and spoke the native language of French. He passed away due to a myocardial infarction and was a participant in Documenta 1.
Elizabeth, Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby, was born at Holyrood Palace, but she died in London.
Charlemagne held the occupation of both a sovereign and a monarch.
Robert de Boron is a writer and a poet.
Le Chastelain de Couci is known as both a poet and a composer.
Mahieu le Juif is a composer and writes in the French language.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow, but she died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer and writes music in the French language.
During the High Renaissance period, Donato Bustamante passed away in Rome.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo was born in Milan and died on July 11, 1593.
Jeehiun Lee, who was born in 1968, is an organic chemist.
Nerva held the position of Roman consul and Roman emperor.
Francesco Ubertini, also known as Bacchiacca, is a painter. One of his notable works is Saint Sebastian.
Hafez is a person practicing Sunni Islam, which is a branch of the Islamic religion.  Or:  Text 3: Hafez follows the Sunni Islam branch of the Islamic religion.
Bramantino was born in Milan and is a painter.
Nerva held the position of Roman emperor as well as Roman consul.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a historian, and his notable work is "Histories of Alexander the Great."
François Villon was a poet, and he was born in Paris.
Aimeric de Pegulhan, a composer, was born in Toulouse.
Tom Biss was born on January 20, 1993, in Hastings.
Folquet de Marselha was a composer as well as a poet.
Folquet de Marselha was a composer, but he also held the occupation of a Catholic priest.
Leslie Barnett, who was a molecular biologist, is buried in Cambridge City Cemetery.
John of Hauville was a poet who wrote in the Latin language.
Leslie Barnett, who was a molecular biologist, passed away on February 10, 2002.
Hernán Cortés, who was born in Medellin, is an explorer.
Narcis Mršić was born in Jesenice and passed away on September 16, 1997.
Jan de Kreek was born on October 11, 1903, and died on February 14, 1988.
Yann M'Vila, who is a football player, weighs 86.0 kilograms.
Mark Millar was born in Coatbridge and is a supporter of Celtic F.C.
Gilles-Éric Séralini is a researcher in the field of endocrinology. He was born in Annaba.
Laurent Dauthuille practices boxing and his date of birth is February 20, 1924.
Professional wrestler Kurt Von Hess passed away on March 13, 1999.
Štefan Michieli is an entomologist, born on May 15, 1933.
Pattie Maes was born in the Brussels-Capital Region, but she works at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Emperor Xian of Han is the son of Emperor Ling of Han. Emperor Ling of Han once held the position of Emperor of China.
Mariya Savinova participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Daniele Greco is a sprinter in the sport of athletics.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon was born in the year 1966 and she is a writer.
Chris Hooijkaas was born on 6th January 1861 and was a sailor.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a French writer.
Dan O'Brien is an athlete who specializes in combined track and field events, specifically in the sport of athletics.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on December 9, 1960, and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Janay DeLoach was born in Panama City and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Claire Holt is an actor and her native language is Australian English.
Mitchell Watt participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighs 83.0 kilograms.
Tony Barbieri is a television actor who writes in English.
Aries Merritt is an athletics competitor who was born in Chicago.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born on March 7, 1987, in Clamart.
Elsie Widdowson held a Doctor of Philosophy degree, but unfortunately passed away due to disease.
Dennis Lawrence, who was born on the 1st of August 1974, is a football manager.
Mathieu Debuchy is an association football player who participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Fretin.
Jean Racine was a translator, he was born in La Ferté-Milon, and he died in Paris.
Dennis Lawrence, who has a mass of 76.0 kilograms, participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and retired from work in the year 2010.
Fra Angelico, the illuminator, died on February 18, 1455, in Florence.
Karen Wetterhahn was a chemist who unfortunately passed away due to mercury poisoning on the 8th of June, 1997.
French native speaker Sébastien Squillaci participated in UEFA Euro 2008 and weighs approximately 79.0 kilograms.
Bernard Lacombe is a football manager. He participated in the 1982 FIFA World Cup, and his date of birth is August 15, 1952.
Jean Racine, a playwright, was born in La Ferté-Milon and passed away in Paris.
Tariku Bekele is a long-distance runner who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He weighs 65 kilograms.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born in 1984, she is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Javier Culson is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the athletics sport.
Chen Ding, born in 1992 on the 5th of August, participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. His sport is athletics.
Samir Nasri is a French football player who was born on June 26, 1987, and practices the Islamic religion. He participated in the UEFA Euro 2008 tournament.
Chloë Grace Moretz is a voice actor, born on the 10th of February 1997, and her native language is English.
Manoel da Costa Ataíde, a painter, was born on October 18, 1762, and died in Mariana, Minas Gerais.
Laurent Mourguet, a puppet designer, died on December 30, 1844, in Vienne.
Brownie Mary, born on December 22nd, 1922, was an HIV/AIDS activist who passed away on April 10th, 1999.
Natalya Antyukh, who weighs 68.0 kg, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics as a hurdler.
Barbora Špotáková is a Czech athlete who competes in athletics and weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Richard Steven Horvitz is a singer who has written works for the animated series "Invader Zim" and primarily works in the English language.
Linda Stahl, a javelin thrower, participated in the 2017 German presidential election. She was born in Steinheim.
Raffaellino del Garbo, who was born in Barberino Val d'Elsa, was the teacher of Andrea del Sarto. Andrea del Sarto, in turn, passed away in Florence.
Marc Girardelli participated in the men's giant slalom event at the 1992 Winter Olympics for alpine skiing. He was born in Lustenau. Marc Girardelli is also the founder and employer of Bemer.
Mack Wilberg was born in the year 1955. He is a university teacher. Wilberg was born in Price.
Krisztián Pars was born in Szentgotthárd and has a mass of 113.0 kilograms. He is involved in athletics.
Sandra Lerner, born in 1955, is a computer scientist. She is married to Leonard Bosack.
Etienne-Barthélémy Garnier is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery, and he passed away on November 16, 1849. He spent his professional years in Florence.
Norma Stitz has a mass of 159.0 kilograms and a medical condition of hypertrophy of the breast. Her date of birth is December 22, 1956.
Denny Hulme, a Formula One driver, died of a myocardial infarction, or heart attack, in natural causes.
Dean Ho is a professional wrestler, speaks the native language of English, and has a mass of 120.0 kilograms.
Sally Pearson is a sportsperson who specializes in athletics. She has a mass of 60.0 kilograms and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Laurent Blanc participated in UEFA Euro 2012. He was born in Alès and weighs approximately 86.0 kilograms.
The rapper known as T-killah, whose birthplace is Moscow, goes by the pseudonym "Taras."
Mutaz Essa Barshim is a participant in the men's high jump event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics, and his mass is 65.0 kilograms.
Mary L. Good previously held the position of United States Secretary of Commerce. Currently, she is an university teacher. At one point in her career, she worked for AlliedSignal.
Tomasz Majewski is a athletics competitor. He was born on August 30, 1981, and he participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Blaise Matuidi, an association football player from Toulouse, participated in UEFA Euro 2012.
Olivier Giroud is a French native, born on September 30, 1986, and weighs 93.0 kilograms.
Jimmy Bennett, who is a musician, was born in Seal Beach and writes in the English language.
Jim Clark, who was born on March 14, 1936, was a farmer. He passed away at Hockenheimring.
Kateri Tekakwitha was born in Montgomery County and was a religious figure. She is buried in Kahnawake.
Livio Berruti, who was born in Turin, is an Italian athletics competitor. He is known for competing in the writing language of Italian.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a jurist and translator by profession. He passed away in the town of Frombork.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal, an athlete and a practitioner of the Islamic faith, participated in the 2006 Asian Games as a competitor in the athletics events.
Vivian Cheruiyot is a sportsperson who specializes in athletics. She was born in the Keiyo District. Vivian Cheruiyot participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Olha Saladukha, who participated in the women's triple jump at the 2008 Summer Olympics, was born in Donetsk and is now a politician.
Caster Semenya participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighed 70.0 kilograms. She is a native speaker of Northern Sotho.
Katsuko Saruhashi was born on March 22, 1920. She was commissioned by the Saruhashi Prize. Her manner of death was natural causes.
Yelena Isinbayeva, who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, holds the military rank of captain and specializes in the sport of athletics.
Benoît Potier was born in Mulhouse and is employed by Air Liquide. His date of birth is September 3, 1957.
Patrice O'Neal was born on December 7, 1969, and is a television actor. He is native to the English language and writes in English as well.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter. He had a son named Benedetto Carpaccio. Some of Benedetto Carpaccio's works can be found in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago. Benedetto Carpaccio passed away in Koper.
Ezekiel Kemboi, who was born on May 25, 1982, in Marakwet District, is a Kenyan athlete who competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Gordian II was the Roman consul and was born in Carthage. He is the son of Gordian I. Later in his life, he became the Roman emperor.
Ann A. Kiessling was born in Baker City and is an inventor in the field of assisted reproductive technology. She was born on March 29, 1942.
Heidi Weng is a cross-country skier who participated in the 15-kilometer skiathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics. She was born on July 20, 1991, and is sponsored by Red Bull GmbH.
Ann Kiessling is a university teacher in biology. She was born in Baker City and works at Harvard University.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk and was a translator in his career. He is also known for his work as a conceptual artist and a librettist in the field of music.
Vreni Schneider, born in Elm on November 26, 1964, is a Swiss alpine skiing athlete. She participated in the women's giant slalom event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Patrice O'Neal was born on December 7, 1969, in New York City. He was a television actor who passed away due to natural causes.
Mary-Anne Paulze-Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and married to Benjamin Thompson. She died on February 10, 1836, and her date of birth was in 1758.
Carlos Pellicer, who was born in Villahermosa, was a writer. He is a relative of Ana Pellicer. Carlos Pellicer passed away in Mexico City.
Anton Chekhov, a journalist by occupation, tragically passed away due to tuberculosis. He was born in Taganrog and is married to Olga Knipper.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison. She was a chemist. Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. Her spouse was Antoine Lavoisier.
Gustav Thöni was born in Stilfs and is an alpine skier. He participated in the men's slalom event at the 1976 Winter Olympics. His mass is 66.0 kilograms.
Manfred von Richthofen, who was a Freiherr and a cavalry master in the military, is buried in South Cemetery in Wiesbaden. He was an airman.
Benjamin Raich participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics and weighed 83.0 kilograms. He is married to Marlies Schild. Raich was born in Arzl im Pitztal.
John Frazier was born in Richmond and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He was born on September 23, 1944, and is an artist.
Allene Jeanes worked as a chemist for the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. She was born in Waco and passed away in Urbana.
Ibn Battuta was born in Tangier and is known for his occupation as a geographer and exploration in the field of work, practicing the Islamic religion.
Jochen Rindt, the Formula One racing champion, is buried in Zentralfriedhof in Graz. He passed away at Monza Circuit. He was married to Nina Rindt and had a father named Karl Rindt.
José Bové is a politician from Strasbourg, France. He has been involved in the Dialogue for Catalonia and was born on June 11, 1953.
Laura Ludwig, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, participated in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships and plays the sport of volleyball.
Francis van Bossuit is a sculptor who was born in Brussels. He currently works in Rome, and some of his works can be found in the collection of the Rijksmuseum.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle is a Chilean politician who was born on June 24, 1942. He held the position of senator in Chile and is the son of María Ruiz-Tagle.
Florent Malouda participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup representing the sport of association football. He weighed 75.0 kilograms and was born on June 13, 1980.
Allen Sheppard was born on December 25, 1932. His father is John Baggott Sheppard, who was married to Lily Marjorie Palmer. Allen Sheppard passed away on March 25, 2015.
Antiochus III the Great is the son of Seleucus IV Philopator and was born into the Seleucid dynasty. Seleucus IV Philopator was the father of Antiochus III the Great, and Antiochus III the Great had a child named Mithridates. Antiochus III the Great's own parents were Seleucus IV Philopator and Laodice II.
Austrian alpine skiing champion Marcel Hirscher participated in the 2018 Winter Olympics. He is the son of Ferdinand Hirscher and weighs 75.0 kilograms. Marcel is of Austrian ethnicity.
Catherine Coleman was born in Charleston and is an engineer with a field of work in chemistry. She was born on December 14, 1960.
Tisias, born in Syracuse, was a student of Corax of Syracus. Isocrates, who was Tisias' student, in turn studied under Theopompus.
Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich was born in the Keiyo District. He weighs 62.0 kilograms and participated in the 2013 Berlin Marathon as a long-distance runner.
Abou Diaby, a football player and relative of Sékana Diaby, was born on May 11, 1986, and practices the Islam religion.
Kalidasa is an Indian lyricist and writer, best known for his notable work "Abhigyanashakuntalam," which is a drama fiction piece.
Eddy Ottoz, who was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule, is a politician and has a relative named Gabre Gabric. Eddy Ottoz is also involved in athletics.
Cleopatra, the Egyptian queen, was the daughter of Ptolemy XII Auletes. She had a child, Cleopatra Selene II, and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt. Cleopatra met her demise through poisoning.
Leo Ortolani, a comics artist born in Pisa, Italy, is known for his notable work "Venerdì 12". He is the father of two children.
Igor of Kiev is the son of Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev is the spouse of Rurik. Olga of Kiev is also the mother of Uleb Igorevich and passed away in Kyiv.
Mo Farah is an autobiographer and a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is also a supporter of Arsenal F.C. and practices the sport of athletics.
Priscah Jeptoo is a long-distance runner. She is different from Rita Jeptoo. Priscah Jeptoo participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Alberto Tomba is an actor and a former alpine skiing champion. He was born in Bologna and participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Michelangelo was an artist during the Renaissance period, known for his painting movement. He studied under Poliziano and took on the role of a general contractor. Michelangelo is buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce.
Marco Polo, who was born in Venice, served as an ambassador. He later passed away and was buried in San Lorenzo, also in Venice.
William Gallas, who is a football player, was born in Asnières-sur-Seine. He plays association football and retired from the sport in 2014.
Luigi Galvani was born in Bologna on September 9, 1737, and died on December 4, 1798. He was an anatomist.
Aníbal Zañartu, born in Concepción, was a politician who held the position of ambassador. He was born on April 12, 1847.
John Romita Jr. is a visual artist who was born on August 17, 1956. He is well-known for his work on Iron Man. His father, John Romita Sr., is also a visual artist.
Rachel Maddow, born on April 1st, 1973, is an actor who has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Audio Book Narration & Storytelling Recording. She is currently in an unmarried partnership with Susan Mikula.
Tess Gerritsen is a television writer who works in the field of detective literature. She was born on June 12, 1953, and writes in the English language.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo was a Catholic and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a sibling named Javier Ibáñez del Campo. He passed away in Santiago.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo was born on November 3, 1877, and passed away on April 28, 1960. He was a politician from Chile and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His sibling is Javier Ibáñez del Campo.
Sergei Eisenstein, who was born in Riga, was a cinematographer. He was the son of Mikhail Eisenstein. Eisenstein passed away in Moscow and is now buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.
Linda Lovelace, a pornographic actor, is best known for her work in the film "Deep Throat," which was released in the 1970s. She passed away due to an accident and was born on January 10, 1949.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom. He is the father of Simon James Kirksey Dear and is married to Alison Jean Jones Martin. He also has a child named Simon James Kirksey Dear. Geoffrey Dear was born on September 20, 1937.
Tess Gerritsen is a detective literature author. She was born on June 12, 1953, in San Diego, and writes in English.
Franz Beckenbauer is a football manager and a participant in the UEFA Euro 1972 tournament. He is also known by the pseudonym "Der Kaiser" and has a mass of 79.0 kilograms. He is related to Luca Beckenbauer.
Didius Julianus was born in Mediolanum and held the position of Ancient Roman senator. He was the son of Quintus Petronius Didius Severus and is known to have married Manlia Scantilla. He met his demise in Rome.
Jacqueline Cochran, who was also known as "Jackie," was born in Pensacola and passed away in Indio. She is buried in Coachella Valley Public Cemetery. Jacqueline Cochran was also a participant in the MacRobertson Air Race.
Guy Teissier is a French politician. He has held the position of being a member of the French National Assembly. He was born on April 4, 1945, and his native language is French. Currently, he is dealing with a medical condition, which is COVID-19.
Franz Beckenbauer is a football player who was born in Munich. He is well-known for participating in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. Beckenbauer is also an honorary chairperson and has a child named Stephan Beckenbauer. His sport of expertise is football.
Yanka Kupala was a journalist by profession and his native language was Belarusian. He was married to Uladzislava Lutsevich. Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka. Uladzislava Lutsevich is buried in the Military Cemetery in Minsk.
Alessandro Volta was an Italian inventor who worked in the field of physiology. He was married to Teresa Peregrini and had a child named Zanino Volta. Volta is known for his contributions to science and wrote in the Italian language.
Ricardo Lagos, a lawyer, is married to Carmen Weber. He works at Duke University and was born in Santiago. Ricardo Lagos is also a father to Ricardo Lagos-Weber.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda, who was born in Pocuro, held the position of President of Chile. He spent his final days in Santiago, where he is also buried in Santiago General Cemetery. His spouse was Juana Rosa Aguirre.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum. His mother, Antonia Minor, was married to Nero Claudius Drusus, who was also the father of Germanicus.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda, who was born in Pocuro and worked in Santiago, Chile, held the position of senator. He passed away due to natural causes, specifically tuberculosis.
The poet Tibors de Sarenom was born in Orange and had a son named Bertrand II des Baux, Seigneur de Berre et de Meyrargues et de Marignane. He died in 1198 and his mother was Tiburge of Orange.
Walter Ulbricht was born on June 30, 1893, in Dresden, Germany. He was an atheist and died on August 1, 1973, and is buried at The Socialists' Memorial.
Septimius Severus was the Roman emperor who held this position. He was married to Julia Domna and they had a daughter named Septimia Major. Septimius Severus was born in Leptis Magna. His father was Publius Septimius Geta.
Tibors de Sarenom, born in 1130, was a composer. He passed away in the year 1182. Tibors de Sarenom is the sibling of Raimbaut of Orange. He is known for his contributions to medieval music.
Ichiro Suzuki, born on October 22, 1973, in Toyoyama, has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and is a baseball player with a blood type of B.
Emperor Yang of Sui is the son of Emperor Wen of Sui and was married to Consort Yin. He is also the child of Empress Dugu Qieluo and had a son named Yang Zhao. Additionally, he was married to Princess Guangde.
Seleucus III Ceraunus is the son of Seleucus II Callinicus, and Seleucus II Callinicus was the father of Antiochus III the Great. Seleucus II Callinicus also had a mother named Laodice I. Laodice I was previously married to Antiochus II Theos, and they had a child together named Antiochus.
Agnes Pockels was born on February 14, 1862, and was a chemist. She died on November 21, 1935. Her sibling was Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. Agnes worked at the laboratory in Brunswick.
Brigitte Fontaine, who was born on June 24, 1939, is a singer known for her work in the genre of chanson. In addition to her singing career, she is also a poet and has been married to Areski Belkacem.
Antiochus II Theos is the father of Seleucus II Callinicus, while Stratonice of Syria is the mother of both Antiochus II Theos and Seleucus. Antiochus II Theos was married to Berenice, and Stratonice of Syria had a child named Laodice.
Emperor Taizong of Liao, who was born on 0902-11-25 and died on 0947-05-15, held the position of Emperor of China. He was the son of Shulü Ping and had a child named Yelu Chaogui.
Allyson Felix is a sprinter who participated in the women's 4 x 100 meters relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was born in Los Angeles and her mass is 55.0 kilograms. Her sport is athletics.
Italo Balbo was an Italian politician who was born in 1896. He held the position of national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and achieved the military rank of maresciallo dell'aria. Italo Balbo died in an accident in Tobruk.
Adam Carolla, who was born in Los Angeles on May 27, 1964, is a comedian who works in radio journalism. He does not follow any particular religion or worldview and identifies as an atheist.
Judith Estrin was born in 1954 and is an engineer. Her father is Gerald Estrin and she has a sibling named Deborah Estrin. Deborah works at Cornell Tech.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Special Effects. He was born on October 14, 1899, and died on May 3, 1978, in Los Angeles. He was married to Ruth Elder.
Giovanni Gronchi earned a laurea academic degree. He served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. His native language is Italian. He passed away in Rome on October 17, 1978.
Albert Gillespie, born in 1899, was a artist who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Special Effects, but he is different from Arnold Gillespie. Albert passed away in Los Angeles.
Jürgen Locadia is a football player. He was born on the 7th of November, 1993 in Emmen. Locadia participated in the 2018-19 EFL Cup and weighs 87.0 kilograms.
Allyson Felix is a 55.0 kg athletics competitor who participated in the women's 4 x 400 meters relay at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She was born in Los Angeles and her date of birth is November 18th, 1985.
Geoffrey Arend is a voice actor with native language and writing language being English. He is married to Christina Hendricks, who works in film acting.
Pope Benedict XV, who was consecrated by Pius X and is a part of the Catholic Church, worked in Rome and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He later passed away at the Apostolic Palace.
Julia the Elder is the daughter of the Roman statesman, Augustus. Augustus held the position of pontifex maximus. He was also the father of Agrippa Postumus and was married to Scribonia. Augustus himself had Atia as his mother.
Pertinax, who was born in Alba, held the position of Praefectus_urbi. He was married to Flavia_Titiana, who was also a ruler. Her father was Titus_Flavius_Claudius_Sulpicianus.
Benedict XV, a Latin Catholic priest, was a participant in the 1914 papal conclave. He passed away due to pneumonia. Benedict XV was also nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His work was based in Rome.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was the Emperor of China and was born to Yelü Bei. He was married to Xiao Sagezhi and had a child named Yelv Sala. His sibling was Yelü Louguo.
Alison Lohman was born on September 18, 1979, in Palm Springs. She is an English native speaker and an actor by profession. She writes in English as well.
Vitellius, who was the Roman emperor, was born in Nuceria and was the son of Sextilia. He held the position of emperor and later met his demise in Rome. Sextilia, his mother, had another child named Lucius Vitellius the Younger.
Jonathan Winters was born on November 11, 1925, and passed away on April 11, 2013, in Montecito. He was a film editor who worked in the English language.
Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs in 1979. She is a film actor who works in the English language. Her native language is also English.
Julia the Elder is the daughter of the Roman emperor Augustus. Augustus, who held the position of Roman emperor, was the father of Gaius Caesar. Julia the Elder was married to Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, and Augustus himself was the son of Atia.
Peter Jackson, born on October 31, 1961, is a screenwriter. He is married to Fran Walsh and they have a child named Katie Jackson. Jackson has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture.
Federico Errázuriz Echaurren was born in Santiago and worked in Santiago as the President of Chile. He was born to mother Eulogia Echaurren and passed away in Valparaíso.
The film actor known as "La Dame en noir" or Barbara, lived in Neuilly-sur-Seine and is now buried in Cimetière parisien de Bagneux. She was a French actress.
Buddy Holly was an English songwriter and singer, known for his distinctive voice. He was a Baptist by religion or worldview. Holly was born in the United States and died on February 3, 1959, at the age of 22. His place of death was Clear Lake, Iowa.
Caligula was born in Antium and held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. He was the son of Germanicus and Agrippina the Elder. Agrippina the Elder also had a child named Agrippina the Younger. Caligula met his end on Palatine Hill.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin is the father of Emperor An of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu held the position of emperor and was the sibling of Sima Yusheng. His mother was Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and he had a child named Emperor Gong of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu died in Jiankang.
Emperor Duzong of Song was a ruler who was born in Shaoxing and belonged to the House of Zhao. He was the son of Qí guó fúrén. Emperor Duzong of Song had a spouse named Wang Qinghui and had a child named Zhao question.
Zach Gilford, an English-speaking television actor, was born in Evanston in 1982. He is married to the English writer Kiele Sanchez.
Isaac Newton, born at Woolsthorpe Manor, was known for his roles as an alchemist and a writer. He spent his final days in Kensington before being buried at Westminster Abbey.
Emperor Cheng of Jin, who was a politician, was the father of Emperor Ai of Jin. Emperor Cheng died on July 26, 0342. He had a sibling named Emperor Kang of Jin. Emperor Ai was married to Empress Wang Muzhi. Prior to his reign, Emperor Cheng held the position of crown prince.
Jonny Lee Miller is a television actor who was born in Kingston upon Thames and is a native English speaker. He has two children and Anne Gladys Lee is his mother. Miller is currently married to Michele Hicks.
American musician Buddy Holly was born in 1936. He was a native English speaker and played the guitar. Holly's genre was rock music and he met his unfortunate end at Clear Lake in 1959.
The nobleman Baron d'Holbach, born on December 8, 1723, was a translator and held the title of baron. He was born in France and later died on June 21, 1789, and was buried at the Saint-Roch cemetery.
Titus was born in Rome and his father, Vespasian, held the position of plebeian aedile. Vespasian also fathered Domitian, and Domitilla the Elder was both Vespasian's spouse and Titus' mother.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali was born on November 14, 1922. He is a jurist and worked in the field of political science. His father was Yusuf Butros-Ghali and he was a Coptic Orthodox Church member. Boutros Boutros-Ghali passed away in Giza.
Juan Antonio Flecha is a sport cyclist who participated in the 2003 UCI Road World Rankings. He was born in Junín and weighs 72.0 kilograms. His sport is cycle racing, and he was born on September 17, 1977.
Wanyan Yongji, who was born in 1168, was the son of Emperor Shizong of Jin. He had a sibling named Wanyan Shunian and a child named Wanyan Ju. Wanyan Yongji was married to the Princess Consort Shao of Wei, and he died in Beijing.
Ernst Mayr, a philosopher and an atheist, was born in the field of natural history collection and worked at Harvard University. He passed away on February 03, 2005. Ernst Mayr was also known for his interest in the history of biology.
Emperor Zhang of Han once held the position of crown prince. He is the son of Emperor Ming of Han and Consort Jia. Consort Jia is also the mother of Liu Nu, who is the sister of Liu Chang. The entire family belongs to the House of Liu.
Theodor Heuss was born on January 31, 1884. He is a Lutheran and has a sibling named Ludwig Heuss. He once held the position of a member of the German Bundestag. He is also related to Kaspar Kantz. At some point in his career, he was employed by the University of Stuttgart.
Julius Caesar was born in Rome and was the father of Augustus. Caesar's father was Gaius Julius Caesar and his mother was Aurelia. Augustus held the position of pontifex maximus and was married to Claudia. Caesar himself held the position of a father to Augustus.
Charles Lyell was a British paleontologist who was influenced by James Hutton. He spent the latter part of his life working and teaching at King's College London. Lyell was married to Mary Horner Lyell and passed away on February 22, 1875. His native language was English.
Jaroslav Hašek was a Czech novelist known for his work "The Good Soldier Švejk." He was born in the Czech language-speaking region and had a father named Josef Hašek. Hašek's field of work was satire, and he wrote in the Czech language. One of his most notable works is "The Good Soldier Švejk."
André-Marie Ampère, a French scientist born in Lyon, is known for his work in the field of electromagnetism. He is notable for his contributions to this area of physics. Ampère was the father of Jean-Jacques Ampère and studied under Jean-Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Subhas Chandra Bose, a Hindu revolutionary and writer in the Bengali language, held the position of Mayor of Kolkata and was employed in the Indian Civil Service. He was a key figure in the Indian independence movement.
Cesare Pavese was born in Santo Stefano Belbo and worked in the field of prose writing in the Italian language. He is best known for his notable work "The Moon and the Bonfires," which is a novel.
Marit Paulsen, who was born in Oslo and is a politician, works in Brussels. She has a child named Stina Morian, who holds a position as an analyst.
Françoise Sagan was a French writer. She is most notably known for her work "Bonjour Tristesse." She was married to Robert Westhoff but was also in an unmarried relationship with Peggy Roche. She wrote in the French language.
Emperor Mu of Jin, who was born in 343 and is a sovereign, resides at the House of Sima. He is the father of Emperor Jianwen of Jin and has his own father, Emperor Kang of Jin. Emperor Kang of Jin is also identified by her mother's name, Empress Yu Wenjun.
Dorothy Needham, born on September 22, 1896, was a biochemist. She was married to Joseph Needham. Joseph Needham, who passed away on December 22, 1987, due to Parkinson's disease, also worked in the field of biochemistry.
Plato, the philosopher of law, was a student of Hermogenes. He was born in Classical Athens and was the son of Ariston of Athens and Perictione. Perictione was married to Pyrilampes.
David Cameron, born on the 9th of October, 1966, is a politician who has held various positions including Shadow Secretary of State for Education. He is the father of Nancy, Gwen, and Beatrice Cameron. In 2014, Cameron participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting. His father is Ian Donald Cameron.
Luigi Pirandello was an Italian screenwriter. He is the father of Fausto Pirandello and had a total of three children. Pirandello wrote the notable work "L'Esclusa" and ended his creative period in 1936. He passed away in Rome.
Saddam Hussein, who was a marshal in the military, was born in Al-Awja. He is the father of Qusay Hussein and was married to Sajida Talfah. Saddam Hussein passed away on 30th December 2006, and he had a son named Hussein Abid al-Majid as his father.
Paul Morand was the son of Eugène Morand and held the position of ambassador of France to Switzerland. He worked for Éditions Gallimard as an employer and had notable works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art, including the piece "Air indien." Paul Morand passed away in Paris.
Melissa Fahn, a dancer, was born in New York City. She is the sibling of Tom Fahn. Tom Fahn is her spouse. Melissa also has a relative named Jennie Fahn. Tom writes in the English language.
Peyton Manning is an American football player. He was born on March 24, 1976, and his father, Archie Manning, weighed 213.0 pounds. Peyton writes in the English language and plays American football. His father, Archie Manning, is also an American football player.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born in Novara and was a politician who held membership in the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He was married to Maria Inzitari and practiced the Catholic religion. Scalfaro passed away on the 29th of January 2012.
Adolf Butenandt, a researcher in the field of organic chemistry based in Munich, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He studied under Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus and worked at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.
Napoleon II held the position of King of the Romans, but he was also known as the Emperor of the French. He was related to Émilie Pellapra as a sibling, and Caroline Bonaparte served as his godparent. Napoleon II was a member of the renowned House of Bonaparte and had an occupation as a drawer.
Ludwig Erhard was a university teacher before he became the leader of the Christian Democratic Union, with his work location being Munich. He passed away due to natural causes and was employed by the University of Bonn. Erhard was also a Lutheran.
Akira Kurosawa, a Japanese filmmaker, was born in Shinagawa-ku and passed away in 1993 due to natural causes. He is known for his notable work "Throne of Blood" and worked as a screenwriter in the film industry.
Edith Frank-Holländer, born in Aachen, was a housewife and a practicing Jew. She is the mother of Anne Frank and had two children in total. Edith Frank-Holländer passed away at Auschwitz.
Geoffrey Chaucer, who was born in London, served as a member of the Parliament in 1406. He is the father of Thomas Chaucer, who held the occupation of a politician. Thomas Chaucer passed away on March 14, 1434, and both father and son are natives of London.
Rosa Luxemburg was a student of Julius Wolf and caused her own death through ballistic trauma. She worked in Zürich and participated in the 5th Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, which took place in the year 1919, on the 15th of January. Rosa Luxemburg was married to Gustav Lübeck.
Lluís Companys, born in El Tarròs in 1882, was the Chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He held this position before suffering from ballistic trauma, which resulted in his death. He was the mother of Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó and had a mother named Maria Lluïsa de Jover.
Eminem, whose nickname is "EMINEM," was born on October 17, 1972. He is a record producer and is married to Kim Scott. Eminem has three children and a relative named Ronnie Polkinghorn.
Dag Hammarskjöld was a poet with a religious or worldview of Lutheranism and a lifestyle of mysticism. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His sibling is named Bo Hammarskjöld. He held the position of Minister of Foreign Trade.
Novak Djokovic, a Serbian tennis player, participated in the men's doubles event at the 2012 Summer Olympics with his sibling Marko Djokovic. He is currently dealing with a medical condition, COVID-19. Novak is married to Jelena Djokovic and is known for his hesitancy towards vaccines. He follows the Serbian Orthodox Church as his religion or worldview.
Asima Chatterjee, who was born in Kolkata, was a university teacher at the University of Calcutta and held a Doctor of Sciences academic degree. She was a Hindu and passed away on 22 November 2006.
Louis Aragon is a French writer who has worked for Les Lettres Françaises. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. His father is named Louis Andrieux. Louis Aragon is married to Elsa Triolet. His works can be found in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born in Albstadt and served as a Substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe in Bonn. He was a Catholic and was affiliated with the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. Kiesinger also participated in the 1949 West German presidential election as a prominent figure.
Jean-François Champollion was a linguist who worked at Grenoble Alpes University. He was born on December 23, 1790, and his place of death was Paris. He passed away on March 4, 1832. He also had a sibling named Marie Champollion.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a Russian film screenwriter with a notable work called "Nostalghia." He was born with the Eastern Orthodox religion or worldview and is now buried in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery. Tarkovsky spent his professional life in filmmaking. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya and passed away from lung cancer in Paris.
Francesco Cossiga was born in Sassari, Italy. He is a politician and held the position of President of Italy. He has a military background with the rank of Frigate Captain. He was born on July 26, 1928, and his native language is Italian. His field of work is law.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born in Albstadt and held the position of Commissioner for Franco-German Cooperation. He was born on April 6, 1904, and worked in Bonn. Kiesinger was a judge and a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was also affiliated with the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction.
Lance Armstrong, a sport cyclist born on September 18, 1971, ranked first in the 1999 UCI Road World Rankings. He is an atheist and has participated in triathlons as well. Armstrong's mother is named Linda Gayle Mooneyham, and he is currently in an unmarried relationship with Tory Burch.
Lance Armstrong is an autobiographer and athlete who participated in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup. He has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and is unmarried to Tory Burch. Armstrong is an atheist and has a father named Eddie Charles Gunderson. He is known for excelling in the sport of triathlon.
Joseph Brodsky was a poet who wrote in the Russian language and was of Jewish ethnicity. He was born in Leningrad, USSR (now St. Petersburg, Russia), but spent much of his life unmarried with Marianna Basmanova. He is buried in the Cemetery of San Michele in Venice, Italy, where he spent his final days in Brooklyn, New York.
Lucy Everest Boole, born on August 5, 1862, was a chemist. She was born in Blackrock and had a father named George Boole. She died on December 5, 1904. Her sibling, Alicia Boole Stott, had Mary Everest Boole as her mother.
"Weird Al" Yankovic is a actor and musician, known by the pseudonym "Weird Al Yankovic." He was born in Downey and is influenced by Allan Sherman. His genre is pop music and he plays the electronic keyboard.
Ernst Mielck was a composer born in Vyborg. He was diagnosed with tuberculosis and unfortunately passed away on October 22, 1899 due to natural causes. Ernst Mielck is known for his work in the western classical music genre. His cause of death was tuberculosis.
Dorothy Hodgkin, a chemist who worked at the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin and caused a cerebral hemorrhage, leading to her death. She was employed by the University of Cambridge and made significant contributions to the field of chemistry.
Edith Piaf, who was influenced by Thérèse of Lisieux, was an actor and sang in the genre of chanson réaliste. She was born and ended her work period in 1963. She was diagnosed with keratitis and passed away on October 11th, 1963. Her mother was Line Marsa.
Ringo Starr is a film actor and musician, known for his genre of pop music. He was born in Liverpool. Ringo Starr identifies with the religion or worldview of Hinduism. He has a partner named Nancy Lee Andrews and they are unmarried. Ringo Starr is the father of Zak Starkey. He is proficient in playing the guitar.
Maud Menten was a biochemist who worked at the University of Pittsburgh. She was born on March 26, 1879, and passed away on July 26, 1960. Menten's field of work was biochemistry, and she was greatly influenced by her colleague Simon Flexner. Simon Flexner is also known to have a sibling named Abraham Flexner.
Blaise Pascal, a French writer, studied under Marin Mersenne. He was a Catholic and was influenced by Michel de Montaigne. Pascal was born in a family headed by Étienne Pascal. His mystic lifestyle led him to write in the French language, and he passed away in Paris.
Marilyn Monroe, who was born in Los Angeles, studied under Lee Strasberg and became an actor of great renown. She tragically passed away due to a barbiturate overdose in Brentwood. Her iconic nude dress image is synonymous with her. Her father was named Charles Stanley Gifford.
Bruce Willis is a film actor known for his notable work on Moonlighting. He has been nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor. Bruce has a sibling named David Willis. He has five children and is currently living with a medical condition called frontotemporal dementia. Bruce's voice is also notable in the film industry.
Pius XII, who was consecrated by Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano and nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, was also a Catholic bishop who participated in the 1939 papal conclave. He is depicted in Hitler's Pope and held the position of bishop. Pius XII is buried at St. Peter's Basilica.
Tim Berners-Lee, a physicist in the field of information technology, was born with the name Tim Berners-Lee and has a Bachelor of Arts degree. He is the sibling of Mike Berners-Lee. In 2013, he participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting. Tim Berners-Lee began his career as an employee at Plessey. His mother's name is Mary Lee Woods.
Tim Berners-Lee, a programmer and the inventor of the web server, attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2013. He earned a Bachelor of Arts academic degree and was knighted with the title Sir. Berners-Lee began his career at Plessey before his notable work. He also has a sibling named Mike Berners-Lee.
Helmut Kohl was born in Friesenheim and grew up in Germany. He became a member of the German Bundestag and held various positions, including working in Berlin. Kohl is a native German speaker and has a son named Walter Kohl. He participated in the 1999 German presidential election. His mother's name is Cäcilie Kohl.
David Lynch is a writer and a surrealist. He is married to Mary Sweeney, but was previously in an unmarried relationship with Isabella Rossellini. Lynch has a child named Lula Boginia Lynch and a sibling named Martha Lynch-Levacy.
Stanisław Lem is a Polish philosopher and science fiction writer. He was born on September 12, 1921, and is of Jewish ethnicity. He is an atheist. Lem is married to Barbara Lem. His relative is Janina Altman.
Charles Baudelaire, born on April 9, 1821 in Paris, was influenced by Gustave Flaubert and is known for his notable work "La Fanfarlo." He wrote in the genre of elegy and passed away due to natural causes on August 31, 1867.
Charles Baudelaire was a literary critic and a key figure in the Symbolism movement. He was born on April 9, 1821, and passed away on August 30, 1867. Baudelaire is known for his notable work "Les Fleurs du mal." His works can be found in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He was influenced by Joseph de Maistre.
Hector Berlioz, a writer and composer of the Romanticism movement, is known for his notable work "Les Troyens." His archives can be found at the UK National Archives. Berlioz is depicted in the Portrait of the Composer Hector Berlioz and is known to have used the instrument of flute in his operatic genre.
Frank Lloyd Wright was born in 1867 and was a designer. He passed away in Phoenix. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Swedish Centre for Architecture and Design. Notable among his designs is the Pettit Memorial Chapel. He is the son of William Carey Wright. The archives of Frank Lloyd Wright's work are housed at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library.
Nicolas Sarkozy, a statesperson, is known to support Paris Saint-Germain F.C. He has previously held the position of a member of the French National Assembly. Sarkozy is a father of four children, including Pierre Sarkozy, and works in Strasbourg. He writes in the French language.
Wilhelm II, the German-writing monarch, is depicted in the Kaiserpaar im Kaiser-Wilhelm-Kinderheim-zu-Ahlbeck. He is the son of Friedrich III of Germany and has siblings including Prince Henry of Prussia. Wilhelm II was also a nominee for the Nobel Peace Prize and has a godchild, Prince Joachim of Prussia. Wilhelm II's godparent is Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria and he has a child named Prince Joachim.
Konrad Adenauer was a resistance fighter before he became a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia. He showed an interest in the German colonial empire and went on to have a child named Ferdinand Adenauer. Adenauer participated in the 1949 West German presidential election and was affiliated with the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. He also had a sibling named Johannes Franz Richard Adenauer.
Elton John is a film actor and pianist who has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. He is known for his work, including the notable piece "Tiny Dancer." Elton John has been married to David Furnish since an undisclosed date. He has worked in New York City and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2018.
Margaret Thatcher, a prominent political figure, served as the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary. Her archives can be found at the Margaret Thatcher Foundation. Thatcher's field of work was in politics, and she spent much of her career in London. She is depicted in the Conservative Party Conference at Brighton in 1982. In her later years, Thatcher became an autobiographer, and she is buried at the Royal Hospital Chelsea.
Serge Gainsbourg was a jazz musician from the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France. He was known for his distinctive voice and was a master of various genres, including cha-cha-cha. Gainsbourg left behind a notable legacy, including a daughter, Charlotte Gainsbourg. He was also affectionately nicknamed "Gainsbarre." His sister is named Liliane Gainsbourg.
James Joyce is associated with the James Joyce Archives at the James Joyce Foundation in Zurich. He was born with the religious or worldview of Catholicism, and prior to his literary career, he served as a regular priest. Joyce is known to wear eyeglasses, and he is the father of Giorgio Joyce. He also had a medical condition called astraphobia. James Joyce is a renowned author in the genre of fiction literature.
Alexander von Humboldt, a renowned polymath, passed away on May 6, 1859, in Berlin. He held the position of Geheimrat and was affiliated with the Natural History Museum Berlin. His archives can be found at ETH Zurich University Archives. Alexander von Humboldt's field of work was in the area of physics.
Alexander von Humboldt was a German economist who worked from the archives at ETH Zurich University Archives. He wrote in the German language and was employed by the University of Jena. His field of work was economic geography. Alexander von Humboldt was of German ethnicity and typically conducted his work from home.
Rabindranath Tagore, an English playwright, was born to Debendranath Tagore. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and passed away in Kolkata. His works can be found in the Victoria and Albert Museum. Rabindranath Tagore also has a sibling named Dwijendranath Tagore.
Benedict XVI, who holds a doctorate and is a university teacher, has worked at the Vatican City. He is a Catholic and participated in the Second Vatican Council. Benedict XVI is different from Joseph Ratzinger Sr., despite sharing some similarities in their religious and professional backgrounds, as he is also known to play the piano.
Born in Wadowice, Poland, John Paul II was a pope and held his position from a work location in Niegowić. He was of Polish ethnicity and wrote in the Italian language. John Paul II was consecrated by Franciszek Jop and participated in the World Youth Day in 1991.
Charles Dickens is an author. He was born in 1812 and is known for writing novels. He has a sibling named Alfred Lamert Dickens. He also had an unmarried partner named Ellen Ternan and had a child named Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens. Charles Dickens' works can be found at the Louis Round Wilson Library Archives.
Angela Merkel, who is currently in Senegal for an official visit, is a German politician. She was born in Eimsbüttel and works for the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government of Germany. Merkel has no children and her hometown in Germany is Templin. Her sibling is Marcus Kasner.
Barack Obama was born at Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children. His mother is Stanley Ann Dunham. Obama has brown eyes and was once an employer and jurist at Business International Corporation. He currently weighs 80.0 kilograms and has been diagnosed with COVID-19.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, a German poet, studied under Justus Christian Friedrich Hölderlin. He is notable for his work "Faust" and holds an academic degree of licentiate. Goethe's field of work was in physics and he wrote in the German language.
Ludwig van Beethoven, a prominent figure in the field of western classical music, is known for his influential work, including Piano Sonata No. 14. Beethoven, who was influenced by Johann Joseph Fux, suffered from Paget's disease of bone and is buried in Vienna Central Cemetery. His notable work was created during the classical period, and he often worked in Baden.
Michael Jackson, an African-American musician from the United States, is best known for his work in music composing and his native language is American English. He was influenced by Charlie Chaplin and his music career came to an end in the year 2009. Michael Jackson is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park. His sibling is Randy Jackson.
Gustave Doré was a French painter known for his works in the genre of history painting. Some of his works can be found in the collection of Musée Carnavalet. He studied under Édouard Riou. Doré died in Paris and was unmarried, with Alice Ozy being his unmarried partner.
Gustave Doré, a French artist known for his caricatures, was born during the Romanticism movement and studied under Édouard Riou. He passed away on 23 January 1883. Many of his works can be found in the collection of the Walker Art Gallery.
Diego Velázquez is the parent of Francisca de Silva Velázquez y Pacheco. He was married to Juana Pacheco. Velázquez was born on June 6, 1599. Some of his works can be found in the Bavarian State Painting Collections. Velázquez worked primarily in Italy and is known for his genre of animal art. A notable work of his is "Christ in the House of Martha and Mary."
René Magritte, a collagist known for his works in the genre of portrait painting, passed away due to natural causes. Some of his notable works can be found in the Peggy Guggenheim Collection. Magritte was born in Lessines, Belgium, and his native language was French. He often worked in the location of Carcassonne.
Francisco de Goya was the court painter in Italy, where some of his notable works, including "The Clothed Maja," can be found in the National Museum of Fine Arts. He was born to Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador and held the position of court painter. He passed away in Bordeaux, France, and was afflicted with deafness.
Vladimir Putin, a Russian politician, has held the position of Prime Minister of Russia. He is an Eastern Orthodox Christian and is known to have a pet named Koni. Putin is distinguishable from other individuals named Vladimir Putin. He participated in the 28th G8 summit and is related to Jorrit Faassen. Putin is also notable for his work on national security guarantees for Russia.
Emperor He of Han held the position of crown prince before becoming the Emperor of China.
Nicola Pellow is both a computer scientist and an engineer.
Emperor Chong of Han held the position of crown prince before ascending the throne to become the Emperor of China.
Masaccio, the painter, passed away in Rome.
Ante Bilobrk was born on April 3, 1919, and died on June 26, 1943.
Maximinus Thrax, who was a Roman emperor, is recorded as having died in Aquileia, the place where he held his final position.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and was a poet.
Salh_d_Escola is a troubadour as well as a poet.
Virgil was a writer known for his contributions to Augustan poetry.
Balbinus was a part of the Pupienus and Balbinus dynasty and held the position of Roman emperor.
Peire Vidal was a poet and he died in Toulouse.
Stacy Horn was born on June 3, 1956, in Norfolk.
Vital de Blois was born in Blois and is a poet.
Daniel Rosin was born in Freital on May 18, 1980.
Emil Rilke was born in Ústí nad Labem and he is associated with football.
Peire Vidal, who is a composer, passed away in Toulouse.
Boris Kryštufek is a zoologist with a specialization in zoogeography.
Gordian III was born in Rome and held the position of Roman emperor.
Kat Walsh is a lawyer who works for Creative Commons.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in Kochi.
Liu Gong is the son of Emperor Hui of Han, while Emperor Hui of Han is the mother of Empress Lü Zhi.
Guntis Valneris was born on September 6, 1967, and he is a prominent player in the international draughts circuit.
Patricio Albacete was born in Buenos Aires and retired from work in the year 2018.
Bertran de Born was born in Périgord and his native language was Old Occitan.
Robert the Monk was a historian who passed away on August 23, 1122.
Claes Gerritszoon Compaen was born in Oostzaan and is a privateer.
Kurt Von Hess is a professional wrestler and his sport is professional wrestling.
Zheng He was a diplomat and he died in Nanjing.
Hans Schmidt was born in Ulm but died in Stuttgart.
Elena Lashmanova was born on April 9, 1992, in Saransk.
Stefanie Heinzmann is a singer. Her date of birth is March 10, 1989.
Tony Barbieri is a television actor and his native language is English.
Franc Gubenšek, who was a biologist, passed away due to Alzheimer's disease.
Ward Cunningham is a computer scientist who previously worked for Microsoft.
Franciszek Smuda weighs 75.0 kilograms and is involved in association football as a sport.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer is an entomologist, and he was born in Guinkirchen.
Franz Klammer is an alpine skier and participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Hedi Slimane was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Gautier d'Arras, who was a writer, died in 1189.
Ernst Tiburzy, who was a military personnel, passed away on November 14, 2004.
Kayla Ewell was born in Long Beach and writes in the English language.
Jon Abrahams is an actor who writes in English.
Jessica Ennis-Hill participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games and was born on January 28, 1986.
Jean Racine was a translator and was born in La Ferté-Milon.
Dejen Gebremeskel competed in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics and is a long-distance runner.
Justin Chadwick is an actor and his date of birth is December 1, 1968.
Fra Angelico, who died on February 18, 1455, in Florence, is the place of his death.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
James K. Gibson is buried at Sinking Spring Cemetery, and he was born on February 18, 1812.
Chloë Grace Moretz, who is native to Atlanta and speaks English as her native language, is a well-known actress.
Alou Diarra participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup as an association football manager. His sport of expertise is also association football.
Alice Y. Ting is a chemist employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She was born in Taiwan.
Natalya Antyukh is a sprinter. She was born in Saint Petersburg. Natalya Antyukh participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Gerd Kanter was born on the 6th of May, 1979, and participated in the athletics events at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Raphael was a sculptor. He was born in Urbino and is buried in the Pantheon.
Solko van den Bergh was a sport shooter who died on 25th December 1916. He specialized in bullseye shooting.
Wang Tao, born in Beijing in 1967, participated in the men's singles table tennis event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Fran Jesenko was a geneticist, native Slovene, and passed away in Ljubljana.
Li Yanfeng competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 15, 1979, and is an athletics competitor.
Alice Y. Ting, who is a geneticist, works at Stanford University. She was born in Taiwan.
Annette Salmeen worked at Stanford University, was born in Ann Arbor, and participated in the women's 4 × 200 meter freestyle relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Odo of Deuil, who was born in Deuil-la-Barre, held the position of abbot in the Benedictine Religious Order.
Rachel Fuller Brown was born in Springfield and her archives are housed at the Schlesinger Library. She passed away on January 14, 1980.
Norma Stitz was born on December 22, 1956, and her native language is English. Her eyes are brown in color.
Andrea del Sarto was a student of Piero di Cosimo, who was a painter. Andrea del Sarto later passed away in Florence.
Linda Stahl, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, is a competitive athlete in the sport of athletics.
Barbora Špotáková, a Czech athlete, participated in the women's javelin throw event at the 2004 Summer Olympics. She was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and specializes in athletics.
Wolf Haas is an author known for writing detective fiction. He holds a Doctor of Philosophy academic degree. Wolf Haas was born in Maria Alm.
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad competed in the men's 3000 meters steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics and his last day of work was on January 3, 2023. His mass is 75.0 kilograms.
Miguel de Cervantes was an accountant by occupation, he was born in Early Modern Spanish and passed away in Madrid.
Miguel de Cervantes worked as a tax collector. He passed away in Madrid, and his native language was Early Modern Spanish.
Jimmy Bennett is an actor who works in the English language film industry and has a career in music.
William Terry was a lawyer and served as a representative from Virginia in the United States House of Representatives until his death by drowning.
Voice actor Rosearik Rikki Simons is married to Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons. He was born on the 8th of September, 1970.
Laurent Blanc was born in Alès and participated in the UEFA Euro 1996 tournament as a football player.
Roman Semashkovoich was born in the year 1900 and is a sculptor, known for creating portrait art.
Gordon Lalonde is a sprinter who participated in the men's 400 meters event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
William Terry was born in Amherst County and served as a politician in the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Kateri Tekakwitha, a member of the indigenous peoples of the Americas, is both where she died and where she was buried, in the place known as Kahnawake.
Sally Pearson participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, was born on September 19, 1986, and specializes in the sport of athletics.
Anita Włodarczyk participated in the women's hammer throw event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She weighed 94.0 kilograms and was born on August 8, 1985.
Darshan Ranganathan was a biochemist who worked in Kanpur. Unfortunately, he passed away due to breast cancer.
Jean-Michel Aulas, a businessperson, owns Olympique Lyonnais and is also a father to Alexandre Aulas.
Mutaz Essa Barshim, born on June 24, 1991, is an athletics competitor in the sport of athletics.
Phil Hill was a racing automobile driver. He participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Sadly, he passed away due to Parkinson's disease.
Gong Lijiao, who has a mass of 85.0 kilograms, participated in the women's shot put event at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She was born on January 24, 1989.
Brittney Reese competed in the women's long jump event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She weighed 62.0 kilograms and was an athletics competitor.
Jack Angel, who was a stage actor, had three children, and passed away on October 18, 2021.
Justin Gatlin participated in the men's 100 meters athletics event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He weighs 80.0 kilograms and was born in Brooklyn.
Manfred Gerlach was a jurist who passed away in Berlin due to a disease.
Alexandra Stan works in the field of music composing, utilizes her voice as an instrument, and is occupationally identified as a singer.
Trey Hardee was born on February 7, 1984. He is married to Chelsea Johnson, and he is an athletics competitor.
Betty Heidler, who weighs 81.0 kilograms, competed in the 2007 World Championships in Athletics as an athletics competitor.
Vivian Cheruiyot, a long-distance runner, was born in Keiyo District. She excels in the sport of athletics.
Giuseppe Farina, born on October 30, 1906, unfortunately passed away in Chambéry due to a traffic collision.
Fabrizio Donato is a triple-jumper and his mass is 82.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
David Cairns, who was born on the 7th of August 1966, served as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland and worked out of London.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter and he had a son named Benedetto Carpaccio, who was born in the year 1500.
Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denis, who was born in Paris, studied under Paul Pelliot and works as a translator.
Louis XI of France was married to Charlotte of Savoy. He was the mother of Joan of Valois. Louis XI of France himself had Marie of Anjou as his mother.
Carlos Pellicer, who was born on January 16, 1899, was a writer. He spent his professional career at the National Autonomous University of Mexico, where he passed away on February 16, 1977.
Ehsan Hadadi participated in the 2006 Asian Games as an athletics competitor in the sport of athletics. He is an athletics competitor. Unfortunately, he currently has the medical condition of COVID-19.
Louis XI of France was the son of Charles VII of France and Marie of Anjou. He had a child, Joan of Valois. Louis XI was also married to Charlotte of Savoy.
Hugo Lloris, who is native to France and weighs 78.0 kilograms, is a football player and participated in UEFA Euro 2012.
Tirunesh Dibaba, born in Bekoji, has a mass of 50.0 kilograms and is a sportsperson who participated in the athletics events at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Lloris, a native French speaker, participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup and was born on December 26, 1986, weighing approximately 78.0 kilograms.
Julian McMahon was born in Sydney. He has been nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Best Villain. He is a model and has one child.
Ken Jennings, who was born on May 23, 1974, is a non-fiction writer and a participant in Jeopardy! His field of work is informatics.
Carlos Pellicer was born on January 16, 1899. He was an archaeologist who passed away on February 16, 1977. He is related to Pilar Pellicer.
Allen Sheppard is married to Peggy Damaris Jones. He is a Member of the House of Lords in the UK. Allen Sheppard's mother is named Lily Marjorie Palmer, and his father is John Baggott Sheppard.
Franciszek Karpiński was a Polish writer born in Goloskiv. He wrote in the Polish language and is known for his works in the genre of Sentimentalism. He passed away in Vaŭkavysk.
Moncef Marzouki, who was born in Grombalia, is a politician. He held the position of President of Tunisia. Moncef Marzouki also has a sibling named Mohamed Ali Bedoui.
Kathleen Lonsdale was born in Newbridge in 1903, and was a chemist who passed away on April 1, 1971.
Abou Diaby is a football player. He is related to Sékana Diaby and hails from Aubervilliers. Abou Diaby participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Florent Malouda is a football player who participated in UEFA Euro 2012. He was born on June 13, 1980, and has a sibling named Lesly Malouda.
Emperor Cheng of Jin is the sibling of Sima Xingnan and is the father of Emperor Fei of Jin. He is buried in Nanjing and held the position of Emperor of China.
Veronica Campbell-Brown is a sprinter who was born in Clark's Town, Jamaica. She is of African-American ethnicity and participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Florent Malouda, born on June 13, 1980, is a football player who participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He is involved in the sport of football.
The Han Emperor Ai is the son of Liu Kang, who in turn is the child of Consort Fu. Emperor Ai also has a sister named Princess Yingyi. The Liu family resides in the House of Liu.
Yohan Blake is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 26, 1989.
Sue Gardner holds the position of a trustee, which is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner who is a botanical illustrator. Sue Gardner was born on May 11, 1967.
William Gallas is a football player. He was born in Asnières-sur-Seine. Gallas participated in UEFA Euro 2008, and he retired from work in the year 2014.
Emperor Muzong of Liao is married to Empress Xiao. He is the son of Emperor Taizong of Liao. Emperor Muzong of Liao was born on September 19, 0931, and he has a sibling named Yelu Dilie.
Egon Krenz was born on March 19, 1937, and is a non-commissioned officer by military rank. He is an atheist and a politician.
Priscah Jeptoo is not the same person as Rita Jeptoo. Priscah Jeptoo was born in Nandi County and weighs 49.0 kilograms. Her date of birth is June 26, 1984.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes, a politician, held the position of President of the Senate of Chile. He passed away on July 16, 1930, in Santiago.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn in 1956. He is the son of John Romita Sr. and is best known for his notable work on The Amazing Spider-Man.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and is known for his notable work on The Amazing Spider-Man. His father, John Romita Sr., was born in 1930.
Johanna Braddy is a film actor, born on August 30, 1987. She is married to Josh Blaylock and her native language is English.
Didius Julianus was an Ancient Roman senator. He is the father of Didia Clara and was born in Milan. Didius Julianus also had a child named Didia Clara.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo was born on November 3, 1877, and held the military rank of general. He is the sibling of Javier Ibáñez del Campo. Carlos Ibáñez del Campo is buried in Santiago General Cemetery.
Peter Kropotkin was a Russian philosopher who passed away on February 8, 1921. His manner of death was natural causes. He was native to the Russian language.
Clancy Brown, who was born in Urbana in 1959, is an investor and writes in the English language.
Joachim Löw works in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was born on February 3, 1960, and is currently unmarried. He participated in UEFA Euro 2012.
Emperor Aizong of Jin held the position of Emperor of China. He was an aristocrat and was born on September 25, 1198. He passed away on February 9, 1234.
Frédéric Taddei is a journalist employed by RT France. He is native to France and is married to Claire Nebout.
Matija Gogala is married to Nada Gogala and was born in Ljubljana. He works in the field of entomology for the University of Ljubljana.
Stefan Raab is a journalist by occupation and was born in Cologne. He plays the upright piano as an instrument and his genre in music is pop.
Alessandro Volta was a physicist who worked at the University of Pavia. He held the position of senator, and some of his works can be found in the collection of Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève.
Huang Xianfan is a politician who works at Sun Yat-sen University. He is the son of Gan Xinchang and is associated with the Wunu school movement.
Ricardo Lagos is a lawyer, born on March 2, 1938. He served as the Minister of Education of Chile, and his spouse is Carmen Weber.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljublana and is employed at the University of Ljubljana. He has an interest in entomology and therefore, he is a zoologist.
Ramón Barros Luco held the position of Minister of the Interior of Chile. He was a lawyer by occupation and worked in Santiago. He passed away on September 20, 1919.
Ramón Barros Luco, who was born in Santiago, Chile, held the position of Minister of the Interior of Chile. He died on September 20, 1919, and was married to Mercedes Valdés Cuevas.
Yang Tong, a member of the Sui dynasty, is the son of Yang Zhao. Empress Dowager Liu is both his mother and the spouse of his father Yang Zhao.
Politician Walter Ulbricht died by stroke in Groß Dölln. He was known for his work in Dresden.
Jude Milhon, who weighed 125.0 pounds and had brown hair, worked for Horn & Hardart and passed away on 2003-07-19.
Sophie Germain's father was Ambroise-François Germain. She worked in the field of philosophy and passed away due to natural causes. Sophie Germain is also known by the pseudonym Antoine Auguste Le Blanc.
Septimius Severus had a daughter named Righteous Gelena. He was married to Julia Domna. Before becoming emperor, Septimius Severus held the position of praetor. Septimius Severus was also the son of Publius Septimius Geta.
Heino was born in Düsseldorf but is known by the pseudonym "Heino\_brazil". He has two children and works from Bad Münstereifel.
Alessandro Volta was born on February 18, 1745, and held the position of senator while being an academic. He was a member of the Franciscan religious order and carried out his work in Terranova.
Geronimo, a military leader, was born at Gila River and is known for his role as a war chief. He passed away on February 17, 1909.
Agnes Pockels passed away on November 21, 1935. Her sibling, Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, was born in Vicenza and worked as a physicist at TU Dresden, where he was employed.
U Thant, who was employed by the United Nations and held the position of an ambassador, was also a diplomat and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He was married to Daw Thein Tin.
Pedro Montt, who is a lawyer by profession, held the position of President of Chile. He is the sibling of Alberto Montt Montt and had a father named Manuel Montt. Sadly, Pedro Montt passed away due to a stroke.
Lluís Llach is a Catalan native speaker who participated in the defense of Defensa de l’escola en català. He has been nominated for a Goya Award for Best Original Music. Lluís Llach currently holds a position as a Member of the Parliament of Catalonia and works in Barcelona.
Emperor Taizong of Liao, an aristocrat, held the position of Emperor of China. He was born as Yelu Lubugu and had a sibling named Yelü Zhigu. Taizong was also married to Xiao Shi and had a son, Yelu Lubugu.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the son of Antiochus II Theos and Laodice I. He had a brother named Antiochus III the Great, who also belonged to the Seleucid family. Seleucus II Callinicus was the father of Antiochis.
Jorge Alessandri was born on May 19, 1896. He is a Chilean politician and has a sibling named Arturo Alessandri Rodriguez. His father is also named Arturo Alessandri. Jorge Alessandri held the position of deputy of Chile.
Antiochus III the Great is the son of Seleucus II Callinicus, who in turn was the son of Antiochus II Theos. Laodice II is the mother of Antiochus III the Great. Antiochis is another child of Antiochus III the Great. The entire family belongs to the Seleucids.
Kevin Mitnick is a well-known figure in the field of computer security. He is also known by the pseudonym "Lee Nusbaum." Mitnick is notable for his work in this area and has even participated in events such as the World Government Summit in 2016. He was born at Van Nuys High School.
Anne Frank, a writer native to Germany, is best known for her notable work "Diary of Anne Frank." Her diary is now a part of the collection at the NIOD Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide Studies. Tragically, Anne is buried in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
Novelist Frank Herbert, who worked until 1986, was married to Flora Lillian Parkinson. He passed away due to pancreatic cancer, leaving behind a body of work that was celebrated as natural causes.
Ban Ki-moon is a diplomat who previously held the position of ambassador of South Korea to Austria. He has been employed by the United Nations and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2015. Born with the native language of Korean.
Edward Teller was born in Budapest and is a theoretical physicist. He studied at the University of Göttingen and is the son of Max Teller. Edward Teller practices the religion or worldview of Judaism.
Ban Ki-moon, who was born on June 13, 1944, is a writer and a former ambassador of South Korea to Austria. He holds a background in international relations and follows the worldview of Confucianism.
Alpha Condé, a statesperson, participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2013. He is currently the President of Guinea and previously held this position. Alpha Condé is employed by the University of Paris and is notable for his work "Une certaine idée de l'Afrique" (Certain Ideas of Africa).
Actress Alison Lohman is a native English speaker. She was born on September 18, 1979, and has two children. She is a film actor who works primarily in the English language.
English-American actor and screenwriter Jonathan Winters was born with the native language of English. He was the son of Jonathan Harshman Winters and wrote scripts for various projects. Winters passed away in Montecito.
Anton Polenec was a partisan and had a child named Tone Polenec. Polenec was born on October 7, 1910, in Puštal. Tone Polenec passed away in Kranj.
Chilean politician Federico Errázuriz Zañartu held the position of President of Chile and was born to Josefa Zañartu y Manso. He passed away in Santiago due to natural causes and is the father of Rafael Errázuriz Echaurren.
Emperor Shizong of Liao, an aristocrat, met his demise through homicide on 0951-10-07. He was married to Empress Zhen and had a child named Yelü Sala.
Georges Brassens, a writer and singer with a distinctive voice, was born in Sète. He passed away on October 29, 1981, and is now buried in Sete (Le Py) Cemetery.
Christina Obergföll, born on August 22, 1981, is a javelin thrower. She is married to Boris Obergföll, who weighs 110 kg. Christina was born in Lahr/Schwarzwald.
Clara Immerwahr was born in Wojczyce and studied under Richard Abegg. She was a prominent figure in the field of physical chemistry and is now buried at Hörnli cemetery with a crematorium. Clara was also married to Fritz Haber.
Emperor Shizong of Jin is a member of the Jin dynasty and was born in 1096. He is the son of Wanyan Zongyao, who is also a member of the Jin dynasty and has a sibling named Wanyan Wohu. Emperor Shizong of Jin was married to Empress Zhenyi.
Dutch author Harry Mulisch passed away due to natural causes in the year 2010, on the 30th of October. He is known for writing novels, with "The Stone Bridal Bed" being one of his notable works.
Titus held the position of Praetorian prefect. His father, Vespasian, was born in Rome and had a mother named Vespasia Polla. Vespasian is the father of Titus, and he also has a child named Domitilla the Younger.
Nicolas Anelka, a football player, participated in the UEFA Euro 2000. He is married to Barbara Tausia. Anelka has also been an international forum participant and currently works for Mumbai City FC.
Alexander Lukashenko, who has gray hair and is a lieutenant colonel in the military, was a participant in the 2017 SCO Summit. He is also the son of Katsiaryna Lukashenka and has a child named Nikolai Lukashenko.
Titus, who was held as Roman emperor, was the son of Vespasian. Vespasian, in turn, was the father of Domitilla the Younger. Titus' mother was Domitilla the Elder, and Vespasian was married to her.
Titus, who held the position of Praetorian prefect, had a mother named Domitilla the Elder. She was the mother of not only Titus but also Domitilla the Younger. Titus' father was Vespasian, and Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder.
Alexander Lukashenko, who is a director, is the father of Victor Lukashenko. He participated in the 2018 SCO Summit and was married to Galina Lukashenko. Lukashenko was born in Kopyś.
Pierre Corneille, a French writer, was born on June 6, 1606. He spent the latter part of his life up until 1684. Corneille was married to Marie de Lampérière during this period. Corneille is known for writing in the French language.
Septimius Severus was born in Leptis Magna and is of Roman descent. He is the son of Publius Septimius Geta and the spouse of Julia Domna. Septimius Severus is known for his position as the Roman emperor. His mother is also identified as Julia Domna, and she is also the mother of Caracalla.
Sebastián Piñera is a Chilean engineer and former senator. He has been married to Cecilia Morel and has four children. His sibling is José Piñera Echenique.
Artur Mas, born on January 31, 1956, is a native Catalan from Barcelona, Spain. He held the position of city councilor of Barcelona and his native language is Catalan. Mas identifies with the religious or worldview of Catholicism.
Roger Federer was born in Basel, Switzerland. His mother is named Lynette Federer. Federer is married to Mirka Federer and is often referred to as "The Swiss Maestro" or "Fed Express" as his nicknames. The couple has a child named Myla Federer.
Emperor Xiaozong of Song is the father of Emperor Guangzong of Song. Emperor Xiaozong of Song also has a sibling, Zhao Qi. Zhao Qi and Emperor Guangzong of Song are brothers. Emperor Xiaozong of Song's father is Zhao Zicheng, and his sister, Zhao Qi, has a mother named Chengmu Impress. Chengmu Impress was born in Kaifeng.
Michel Audiard, who was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, worked as a writer. He had a son named François Audiard and his work period ended in 1985. Michel Audiard passed away due to natural causes.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin is the father of Emperor Gong of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin also has a sibling named Sima Zhusheng. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born to Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and died in Jiankang. Emperor Gong of Jin has Empress Sima Maoying as his child.
Friedrich Ebert, who was born in Heidelberg and worked in Berlin, held the position of Chancellor of Germany. He did not follow any particular religion or worldview, and he had a son named Friedrich Ebert Jr.
Emperor Gong of Jin is the father of Empress Sima Maoying and he himself was the son of Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in the year 362 and died in Jiankang. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was married to Consort Chen Guinü.
Gary Gygax is a game designer and his genre is science fiction. He was born to Ernest Gygax and Almina Burdick-Gygax, and he has a child named Cindy To.
Emperor Gong of Jin is the father of Princess Fu Yang and had a father, Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin also has a sibling named Sima Daosheng. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin passed away in the year 396 AD and was married to Consort Chen Guinü.
Gary Gygax, who was born in Chicago, was the notable creator of Dungeons & Dragons. He was married to Mary Jo Powell and had a child named Cindy To. Gygax passed away due to natural causes.
Ernst Mayr was a university teacher with a keen interest in the history of biology. He worked at the Natural History Museum in Berlin and specialized in natural history collection. Ernst Mayr was born in Kempten.
Greta Garbo was an actor who was born in the Katarina church parish. She passed away due to natural causes, specifically pneumonia. Greta Garbo is also the owner of the Greta Garbo collection. She died of natural causes, specifically from pneumonia.
Seneca, who was a poet during the High Roman Empire, studied under Papirius Fabianus, who was known for his work in philosophy. Fabianus himself was a prominent figure during the Roman Empire's time period. Another student of Fabianus was Gaius Albucius Silus.
Abdalaati Iguider is a Berber athletics competitor from Errachidia, Morocco. He participated in the men's 1500 meters event at the 2019 African Games.
Abdalaati Iguider, a middle-distance runner from Berber-speaking background, hails from Errachidia and participated in the men's 1500 meters event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He weighed 57.0 kilograms and specialized in athletics.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the aristocrat son of Emperor Shengzong of Liao, who was born in Baarin Left Banner. He had a child named Yelu Changshounu and was deceased on October 13, 0982.
Daniel Craig, a television actor native to England, was nominated for a Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor. Craig was born to parents Timothy Wroughton Craig and Carol Olivia Williams, and he is currently married to Rachel Weisz.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was the son of Emperor Jingzong of Liao and had a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was married to Xiao Chuo, and they also had a sibling named Yelü Hegudian. Emperor Jingzong of Liao held the position of Emperor of China, and he died in Datong. Emperor Shengzong of Liao, in turn, was the father of Emperor Jingzong of Liao.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was born in Paris and later became a Christian nun. She spent her final days at the Oratory of the Paraclete and was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. Héloïse was born in the year 1101 and was married to Peter Abelard.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, born in Paris in 1101, was a Christian nun. She died at the Oratory of the Paraclete. Her final resting place is at Père Lachaise Cemetery. She was married to Peter Abelard.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was the son of Emperor Shengzong of Liao and Xiao Chuo. He later married Xiao Chuo and had a child named Yelu Yaoshinu. Emperor Jingzong of Liao, who is also known as Xingzong, was born to Emperor Shengzong and Xiao Chuo. He died in Datong. Emperor Jingzong of Liao also has a sibling named Yelü Zhimo.
Coluche, who was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, was an actor and the founder of an organizational. He tragically passed away on June 19, 1986 due to an accident. Coluche's field of work was acting and he was employed by Europe 1.
Troian Bellisario is a native English speaker and writes in English. She was born in Los Angeles. Her mother, Deborah Pratt, is also an English film actor. Troian has a sibling named Michael Bellisario.
Giovanni Leone, a lawyer by profession, was born in Naples and is reported to have died in Rome. He held the position of President of Italy and is a parent to Mauro Leone. His mother's name is Maria Gioffredi.
Marit Paulsen was a member of the European Parliament and held this position. She was born in Oslo, and her work location was in Strasbourg. Marit Paulsen had a child named Stina Morian. Stina Morian was married to Jonas Morian, and Marit Paulsen passed away on July 26, 2022.
Subhas Chandra Bose was a figure in the Indian independence movement and belonged to the Kayastha ethnic group. He spoke the NativeLanguage of Bengali and was the father of one child. His father was named Janakinath Bose, and he was distinct from N.S. Chandra Bose.
Adolphe Thiers was a writer by occupation and worked in Paris. He held the position of head of government of France and was born on April 15, 1797. He is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery. His native language was French.
Françoise Sagan was born on June 21, 1935, and is of French ethnicity. She is a film director and has a sibling named Jacques Quoirez. The archives of her work can be found at the Eberly Family Special Collections Library. Sagan is best known for her notable work "Bonjour Tristesse."
Willoughby Newton was born in Hague and held the position of United States representative. He was a lawyer by occupation. His mother's name was Sarah Bland Poythress. He passed away on 1874-05-23, and he was born on 1802-12-02.
Herman Melville was a literary critic who wrote in English and is known for works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He moved in the Romanticism literary movement and passed away on September 28, 1891. He also had a sibling named Allan Melville.
Jenna Jameson is a stripper of Italian-American ethnicity, practices Judaism as her religion or worldview, and has a mass of 50.0 kilograms. She is married to Jay Grdina and has three children.
Willoughby Newton is a historical figure who was born to Sarah Bland Poythress. Sarah Bland Poythress was married to Richard "Squire" Lee, who passed away in 1795 in Westmoreland County. Willoughby Newton himself died in the same place. He held the position of being a Member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. Willoughby Newton also had a child named John B. Newton.
Herman Melville was a lecturer. He was married to Elizabeth Knapp Melville. Melville passed away due to heart failure. He is known for writing travel literature. Melville was born in Manhattan. He is also related to Thomas Melville.
Roy Budd, who was born in London, was a pianist who passed away on 7th August 1993 due to a stroke. He is remembered for his natural talents and was married to Caterina Valente.
Jean-Philippe Rameau was a choreographer and composer in the Baroque music genre. He worked primarily in the field of opera. Rameau is known for his proficiency on the violin. He spent the latter part of his life in Paris, where he eventually passed away. His spouse was Marie-Louise Mangot.
Pietro Mennea was an Italian athletics competitor who participated in the men's 4 x 100 meters relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He weighed 68.0 kilograms and passed away due to natural causes. Mennea was born in Italy and is remembered for his achievements in the athletics world.
Russian painter Karl Bryullov was born on December 12, 1799, and passed away on June 11, 1852. He was an architect and painter, known for his works in the genre of history painting. Some of Bryullov's works can be found in the collection of the Hermitage Museum. He is buried in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome.
Giuseppina Bollani is the spouse of the Italian politician Giuseppe Saragat, who was born on September 19, 1898, and held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. Saragat passed away in Rome and is now buried at Campo Verano.
Luigi Pirandello was born in Agrigento and was an Italian playwright. He is the father of Fausto Pirandello. One of his most notable works is "Il fu Mattia Pascal." Pirandello passed away in Rome.
Robert Brasillach was born on March 31, 1909. He was a journalist and film critic. His father was Arthémil Brasillach. Brasillach died in Arcueil and is buried in Cimetière de Charonne.
Theologian Gustav Heinemann, a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia, worked at the University of Cologne in Bonn. He is a Lutheran and has a child named Christa Delius.
Neil Armstrong, the astronaut known for being the first man to walk on the moon, was married to Carol Knight. He practiced the worldview of deism and passed away on August 25, 2012. Prior to his career in space, Armstrong worked for the University of Cincinnati and was native to the English language. His works are now part of the collection at the National Gallery of Victoria.
Akira Kurosawa, a Japanese screenwriter, is known for his notable work "Ran." He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. Kurosawa spent his final resting place at An'yō-in. He was married to Yōko Yaguchi.
Adolf Butenandt was born in Bremerhaven on March 24, 1903. He worked at the University of Tübingen and was once nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Despite being a chemist by training, he later became a politician. He spent time working in Munich.
Émilie du Châtelet was a salonnière and a mathematician. She was born in France and had a son named Louis-Marie-Florent-du-Châtelet. Unfortunately, she passed away due to a pulmonary embolism, which is a type of natural cause. Her work in mathematics was greatly influenced by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz.
Jean-Marie Le Pen is a French lawyer who has held a position as a member of the European Parliament. He was born on June 20, 1928, and is the son of Jean Le Pen. Notable works attributed to him include "Mémoires:_fils_de_la_nation." He is also the father of Marie-Carine Le Pen.
Peter Paul Rubens was born in Antwerp in 1530. He was a student of Tobias Verhaecht. Rubens is known for his Protestant worldview and he passed away in Antwerp. He is also the father of Philip Rubens.
Peyton Manning was born in New Orleans and currently works as a restaurateur. He is the son of Archie Manning, who is also in the sports industry as a former football player. Peyton's native language is English, and Archie Manning is his father, making him a part of the Manning family. Cooper Manning is Archie's child.
Emperor Wu of Jin is the son of Emperor Zhao of Jin, and he had a mother named Wang Yuanji. Emperor Wu of Jin was also the father of Princess Yingchuan, Sima Gai, and an elder princess named Xingyang. Emperor Wu of Jin himself was the father of Emperor Hui of Jin.
50 Cent is a screenwriter and his genre is gangsta rap. He is employed by Interscope Records and uses his voice as an instrument for his music. His writing language is English, and he was born on July 6, 1975.
Peyton Manning, a native English speaker, was born to father Archie Manning, who weighed 213.0 pounds. Peyton Manning himself is known for his career in American football. In addition to this, he has also ventured into voice acting in the English language.
Walter Scheel, born on July 8, 1919, in Solingen, Germany, was a prominent political figure who served as a member of the German Bundestag. He was an evangelical Christian and passed away on August 24, 2016.
Walter Scheel, born on the 8th of July, 1919, was a military personnel and held the position of a member of the German Bundestag in Bonn. He previously held the military rank of senior lieutenant. Sadly, he passed away on the 24th of August, 2016.
Dag Hammarskjöld, who studied under Hildur Aksellsson, was a diplomat and worked in the field of politics. He held a position at the Ministry of Finance. Hammarskjöld was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, but unfortunately, he met his demise in an aviation accident.
Jason Lee is an actor who was born on April 25, 1970. He is a native English speaker and has been nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Actor – Television Series, Musical or Comedy. Jason Lee's genre is drama fiction and he has a child named Pilot Lee.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a theatrical director and worked in film screenwriting. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya and is buried at Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery. Tarkovsky passed away due to lung cancer, and one of his notable works is Ivan's Childhood.
Francesco Cossiga, born on 26th July 1928, is a politician who served as the President of Italy. He holds this position at his work location in Sassari. He is a Catholic and has a child named Anna Maria Cossiga.
Lance Armstrong, who has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and is an autobiographer, participated in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup. He was born to parents Eddie Charles Gunderson and Linda Gayle Mooneyham, and is currently unmarried with a partner named Tory Burch.
Joseph Brodsky is a translator from Polish literature. He is notable for his work "Gorbunov and Gorchakov." Brodsky passed away due to a myocardial infarction, which is a natural cause of death. His final resting place is the Cemetery of San Michele for the Jewish people.
Albrecht Dürer's father, Albrecht Dürer the Elder, was born and raised in Netherlands. He was an employer of Albrecht Dürer and his mother, Elisabeth Dürer. Albrecht Dürer the Elder also had a child named Carl Dürer. Albrecht Dürer himself is buried in Johannisfriedhof.
Emperor Zhenzong of the Song Dynasty, who was born on December 23, 0968, was a ruler. He had a sibling named Princess Yongguo Dazhang. Emperor Zhenzong was married to Empress Guo and had a child named Zhao Zhi. He passed away on March 23, 1022.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a biochemist who worked at the University of Cambridge. She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. Dorothy Hodgkin was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin. Her mother was named Grace Mary Crowfoot. Her field of work was biochemistry and she was employed by the University of Cambridge.
Napoleon III, who was a politician, held the position of Grand Master of the Legion of Honor and was also known as the Emperor of the French. He was born as Napoleon Charles Bonaparte, but later became famous as Napoleon III. He spent his final days in Chislehurst before passing away. His place of burial is the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III.
George W. Bush is a financier and his normal vehicle is a 2005 Cadillac DTS Presidential State Car. He is a member of the Bush family and was born in New Haven. He writes in the English language.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a chemist who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. She passed away due to a cerebral hemorrhage on July 29, 1994. Dorothy Hodgkin was born to Grace Mary Crowfoot and had a sibling named Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin.
Igor Stravinsky was a conductor and a notable figure in 20th-century classical music. He was born to Fyodor Stravinsky and is the father of Soulima Stravinsky. Igor Stravinsky's notable work includes "Petrushka." He passed away due to heart failure, leaving behind a legacy of natural causes.
Igor Stravinsky was a renowned composer known for his notable work, "The Rite of Spring." He studied under Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. Stravinsky wrote in the English language and was a significant figure in the 20th-century classical music genre. He passed away due to heart failure on April 6, 1971, and is also the father of Theódore Stravinsky.
Friedrich Hayek was born in Vienna in 1899. He earned his Doctor of Juridical Sciences academic degree from the University of Chicago, where he later served as president. Hayek is a philosopher and is best known for his notable work "The Fatal Conceit."
Adil Rami is a football player who was born on December 27, 1985, in Bastia. He is of association football sport and has participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group A. Adil Rami has a mass of 88.0 kilograms and is currently unmarried, with Pamela Anderson being his unmarried partner.
Leo Tolstoy was born at Yasnaya Polyana and was a diarist. He is the father of Mikhail Tolstoy and was married to Sophia Tolstaya. He is most notably known for his work "Sebastopol Sketches." Leo Tolstoy passed away at Astapovo.
Grace Kelly was a member of the Monaco royal family, married to Rainier III. She is buried in the Cathedral of Our Lady Immaculate in Monaco. The Kelly family is of noble background. Grace Kelly passed away in the commune of Monaco. She also has a sister named Margaret Kelly. Grace Kelly was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She was also a student of Sanford Meisner.
François-Édouard Picot was a painter in the neoclassicism movement. He studied under Jules Collinet and was born in Paris, where he also studied and later died on March 15, 1868. Picot is known for his religious paintings. He was a student of François-André Vincent.
Bruce Willis is a television actor who has been nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast. He has a medical condition called aphasia and is known for his notable work on the show "Moonlighting." He has a sibling named David Willis and has voiced various characters. Bruce is married to Demi Moore.
Jawaharlal Nehru, who was born in Allahabad, was an autobiographer and a prominent figure influenced by Bertrand Russell. He was the son of Swarup Rani Nehru and had a sibling named Krishna Hutheesing. Nehru was also nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
François Hollande, born on August 12, 1954, is a magistrate and a French politician. He has been married but is currently in an unmarried relationship with Ségolène Royal. He held the position of mayor of Tulle and practices Catholicism. Hollande and his ex-spouse have a daughter named Flora Hollande.
François Hollande, a French official, has worked in Brussels and writes in the French language, which is also his native language. He has previously held a position as a member of the French National Assembly. Hollande is the father of Thomas Hollande and is the owner of Philae.
Cosimo Tura was a tapestry designer from Ferrara, Italy, who studied under Francesco Squarcione. He is known for his notable work, A Muse (Calliope), and his works can be found in the collection of Musée Fesch. Cosimo Tura's field of work was in art, specifically painting, and he is part of the Quattrocento movement.
Louise Nevelson was born on September 23, 1899. She was a printmaker and her works can be found in the collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art. Nevelson was part of the abstract expressionism movement and participated in the exhibition Scultura Aurea. She represented by the Artists' Rights Society and worked in New York City.
Robert Schumann was born on June 8, 1810, and was a musicologist. He is known for his notable work, Symphony No. 2. Schumann had a student named Albert Dietrich and was the father of Marie Schumann. He passed away due to natural causes, but the exact cause of his death is unknown.
Cosimo Tura, an Italian painter, studied under Galasso Galassi during the Quattrocento period. He is most famous for his work "Christ Crucified." Cosimo Tura's paintings can be found in the collection of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. He held the position of court painter. Cosimo Tura was born in Italy and died in Ferrara.
Wilhelm Grimm, born in 1786, was an anthropologist who worked in Berlin. He had a brother named Carl Friedrich Grimm. Wilhelm was the son of Philipp Grimm and was married to Dorothea Grimm. He passed away on December 16, 1859.
Louis Armstrong, known as "El Trompetista Luis" or "Satchmo," was a singer native to the English language. He was a renowned vocalist and played the instrument of voice. Armstrong studied under King Oliver and passed away from natural causes.
Jazz legend Louis Armstrong, a native English speaker and African American, was affectionately known as "Dipper." He studied under Bunk Johnson and was an accomplished English language writer, but is best remembered for his occupation as a street artist. Sadly, he passed away due to a myocardial infarction.
Günter Grass was a German fiction writer and printmaker. He is known for his notable work "Cat and Mouse." Grass studied under Josef Mages. He died in Lübeck and is buried in the village church in Behlendorf. Grass was married to Anna Schwarz.
Bill Clinton is a statesman who attended the commencement at Knox College and has type AB blood. He is known for having a pet in the form of socks and served as the Attorney General of Arkansas. His mother is named Virginia Kelley Clinton. Clinton earned the nickname "The Comeback Kid" due to his political resilience.
Charles de Gaulle, a military officer and writer, was born on November 22, 1890. He held the position of French co-prince of Andorra and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He passed away at Colombey-les-Deux-Églises. His sibling is named Jacques de Gaulle, and he wrote in the French language.
Joseph Haydn was born on April 1, 1732, and was a conductor in the field of performing arts based in Vienna. He is known for composing the notable work "Symphony No. 100." After his career, he was buried in Bergkirche.
George Orwell, who was a war correspondent and performed in the arts, was married to Eileen O'Shaughnessy. He was a native English speaker and wrote the notable work "The Lion and the Unicorn: Socialism and the English Genius." Orwell passed away on January 21, 1950 due to tuberculosis.
Martin Luther King Jr., an African American humanitarian, was born in Atlanta and is the father of Martin Luther King III. He was influenced by Henry David Thoreau and is remembered for his civil rights activism. He tragically lost his life in Memphis.
Joseph Bonaparte, born on January 7, 1768, is a diplomat and a general in the military. He holds the position of Peer of France and is unmarried, with María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria being his unmarried partner. Joseph Bonaparte's archives are kept at the Defence Historical Service. He is also a sibling of Elisa Bonaparte.
Nicolas Sarkozy, a statesperson, was born in Paris and served as the Minister of Economy, Finance, and Industries. He was given a custodial sentence as a penalty. Nicolas Sarkozy's work location is in Strasbourg, and he has four children, including a sibling named Olivier Sarkozy.
Antonio Vivaldi, known as "il Prete Rosso (The Red Priest)," was an Italian composer, occupying the role of a theatre manager. He is famous for his notable work, "Stabat Mater," which falls under the genre of baroque music. Vivaldi studied under Giovanni Battista Somis and created various concertos. He is buried in Vienna.
Marianne Vos is a track cyclist who was born in 's-Hertogenbosch and has a mass of 58.0 kilograms. She has participated in several major cycling events, including the 2013 UCI Women's Road World Cup and the 2017 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – women's elite race. Her sport is track cycling.
Stendhal, who was also known by the pseudonym Louis Alexandre Bombet, was a French novelist born in the Romanticism movement. He was particularly interested in Italy and is best known for his notable work "Lucien Leuwen." Stendhal passed away in Paris.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a powerlifting champion and actor, best known for his role in "Terminator: Genisys". He has written his autobiography in German. Schwarzenegger was nominated for an MTV Movie Award for Best Male Performance. He has a medical condition called aortic valve stenosis. He is the father of Christopher Schwarzenegger.
Richard Wagner was a music critic and had a father named Carl Friedrich Wagner. He is known for his notable work, "Lohengrin," and some of his works can be found in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. Wagner also had a sibling named Rosalie. He was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna as part of the Wagner family.
Pedro I of Brazil, who was the Emperor of Brazil and a notable figure in the music field, was born unmarried to Maria Benedita de Castro Canto e Melo. He passed away on September 24, 1834. Pedro I is also known for being the father of Princess Francisca, Princess of Joinville. He had a sibling, Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal. Pedro I is best remembered for his work on the "Hino da Carta," a significant piece in the music industry.
Ingmar Bergman was a Swedish playwright and worked in the performing arts industry. Born on July 14, 1918, he is the son of Erik Bergman. Bergman has been nominated for a César Award for Best Foreign Film. He is also a father to Mats Bergman.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, also known as "Arnold Strong" in German, is a powerlifter and a writer. He was born unmarried with a sibling named Meinhard Schwarzenegger. Schwarzenegger gained fame for his notable work in "Terminator 2: Judgment Day," but he has not been married to Heather Milligan.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was a renowned astronomer and mathematician. He studied under Johann Christian Martin Bartels and Gustaf Svanberg. Gauss is known for his work in mathematical analysis and was influenced by Leonhard Euler. He was born in Germany and passed away in Göttingen. Gauss also had a daughter named Wilhelmine Gauss.
Jorge Luis Borges was an opinion journalist who was born on August 24, 1899. He was influenced by Oscar Wilde and wrote short stories. Borges was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature, and his works can be found in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art under the pseudonym "H. Bustos Domecq".
Miley Cyrus is an actor and her genre is electropop. She works in the field of pop music from her work location in Los Angeles. Miley Cyrus is known for using her voice as an instrument. She has a sibling named Brandi Cyrus, and she is currently in an unmarried relationship with Patrick Schwarzenegger.
Charlie Chaplin once worked for Essanay Studios as a composer. He was born in Walworth and spent his workdays at Corsier-sur-Vevey. Chaplin is also known for his works that are housed in the collection of the Harvard Film Archive. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay). Chaplin was married to Mildred Harris.
Before becoming Pope Benedict XVI, he was born in the Birth house of Benedict XVI in Germany. He held the position of a cardinal and participated in the Pope's visit to Germany in 2011. Benedict XVI earned an academic degree as a professor and also had an occupation as a pianist. He is a Catholic.
George Washington was a land surveyor and was related to Martha Parke Custis. He suffered from a medical condition called anthrax and held the military rank of General of the Armies of the United States. Washington is also known as one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He passed away due to epiglottitis, and he had a sibling named Charles Washington.
Bob Dylan, who is known by the pseudonym "Blind Boy Grunt," was born in Duluth and raised by his mother, Beatrice Stone. He was influenced by Allen Ginsberg and is known for playing the harmonica. Notable among his works is "Subterranean Homesick Blues." Dylan also participated in the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1973.
Victor Hugo was a travel writer and a prominent figure in the free-thought movement. He was married to Adèle Foucher. One of his notable works is "Les Orientales." A portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims depicts him. Hugo passed away due to pneumonia. His works can be found in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Leonard Cohen is a poet and has been nominated for a Juno Award for Video of the Year in the genre of sophisti-pop. His archives can be found at the Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library. He is the son of Nathan Bernard Cohen and has an unmarried partner named Dominique Issermann. One of his notable works is "The Energy of Slaves."
Katsushika Hokusai, a renowned painter, studied under Katsukawa Shunshō. He is best known for his works in graphics and created the notable piece "Oceans of Wisdom." Hokusai was born in Japan and later passed away in Asakusa. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Madonna, who goes by the pseudonym "Madame X" and is a guitarist in the field of show business, was once nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress. She is unmarried and was once in a relationship with Timor Steffens. Madonna was named after Madonna Louise Fortin.
Andy Warhol was a diarist and is known for his notable work "Campbell's Soup Cans II". He studied under Balcomb Greene and had works in the collection of the Bavarian State Painting Collections. Warhol was represented by the Artists' Rights Society and was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. He passed away in New York City.
Rembrandt, a renowned Dutch painter of the Golden Age, studied under Jacob van Swanenburgh. He is known for his works in the collection of the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, primarily in the genre of portraits. Rembrandt was an accomplished printmaker and created many of his masterpieces in Amsterdam.
Rembrandt, born in 1606, was a renowned artist who studied under Jan Pynas and Franz Wulfhagen. His works can be found in the collection of Gallery Prince Willem V. Rembrandt's mother was Neeltje Willemsdr. Zuytbrouck, and he was unmarried but had an unmarried partner named Geertje Dircx.
Usain Bolt is a Jamaican sprinter who participated in the 2003 Port of Spain Carifta Games in the juniors' 400-meter event. His sport is foot race. He was born in Sherwood Content and ended his professional career on August 12, 2017. Bolt is currently dealing with a medical condition, COVID-19.
Robert de Boron has a dual occupation as both a writer and a poet.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and later died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Luca Signorelli studied under Andrea del Verrocchio and also under Piero della Francesca.
Emperor He of Han held the position of Emperor of China, but he also previously held the position of crown prince.
Emperor He of Han held the position of Emperor of China, but he also previously held the position of crown prince.
Emperor He of Han held the position of Emperor of China, but he also previously held the position of crown prince.
Donato Bustamante, a figure of the High Renaissance movement, passed away in Rome.
Hafez is affiliated with both the Sufism and Islam religious or worldview traditions.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and was a composer.
Béroul is a storyteller and a writer.
Pierre Aïm was born in Paris on January 31, 1959.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a biologist and a biochemist.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who passed away on September 15, 1973.
The painter Pinturicchio passed away in Siena.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who passed away on September 15, 1973.
Philip the Arab held two positions in Roman history: he was a Roman emperor and also served as a praetorian prefect.
Maximinus Thrax, who was an Ancient Roman senator, died in Aquileia.
Hafez follows Sunni Islam as his primary religious affiliation, but also practices Sufism as part of his spiritual beliefs.
Rigord is a writer and also a historian.
Antal Ádám, who was born on September 13, 1929, is a geophysicist.
Marina Fernandez, born on June 19, 1981, is an actor.
Nerva held the position of Roman consul and was also an Ancient Roman senator.
Jaufre Rudel is known for both his work as a composer and as a poet.
Christina Cruickshank-Miller was born on the 29th of August, 1899, and she passed away on the 16th of July, 2001.
Yukiko Kobayashi, who is a film actor, was born in Tokyo.
Yukiko Kobayashi, who was born on October 6, 1946, is an actor.
Lucius Verus, who was an Ancient Roman senator, was born in Rome.
Christina Cruickshank-Miller was born on the 29th of August 1899 and she passed away on the 16th of July 2001.
Leonid Razvozzhayev is a politician and his native language is Russian.
Jana Šenková was born in Šternberk and is a volleyball player.
Roman Jerala, who was born in Jesenice, works for the University of Ljubljana.
Jana Šenková is a volleyball player. She was born on July 11, 1982.
Hazel Bishop died on December 5, 1998, in Rye.
Serge Chiesa ended his work period in 1989 and was an association football player.
Vasco da Gama is buried at St. Francis Church in Kochi, India, where he also passed away.
Eugen Polanski is a participant in association football for the Sport team and represented them in the UEFA Euro 2012 tournament.
Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia, who died in 1226, was the son of Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia.
Robert the Monk was a writer who passed away on August 23, 1122.
Pattie Maes is an engineer and is married to Karl Sims.
Emperor Xian of Han is the son of Emperor Ling of Han, who in turn is the father of the Prince of Hongnong.
Otho was born in Rome and held the position of Roman emperor.
Pattie Maes was born in the Brussels-Capital Region and works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a physician as well as a military personnel.
Kazimir Tarman is a science writer and was born in Maribor.
Štefan Michieli was born in Ljubljana and works in the field of entomology.
Anthony Réveillère participated in UEFA Euro 2012 and his mass is 77.0 kilograms.
Gaël Clichy is a football player and plays the sport of association football.
Hedi Slimane, who is a fashion designer, was born on 5th July 1968.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon, who was born in Antony, is an illustrator.
Mitchell Watt was born on March 25, 1988, and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Princess Wannian is a member of the House of Liu and is a sister to the Prince of Hongnong. She is also the child of Emperor Ling of Han.
M.J. Hyland is a novelist. He was born on June 6, 1968, and has been nominated for the Booker Prize.
Yuliya Zaripova was born in Svetly Yar and practices the sport of athletics. Her date of birth is April 26th, 1986.
Jane Stafford was a chemist who worked for the American Medical Association until her death in 1991.
Born in Antalya and weighing 50.0 kilograms, Aslı Çakır Alptekin is a athlete in the sport of athletics.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born in East St. Louis and weighs 61.0 kilograms. She is involved in the sport of athletics.
DeeDee Trotter participated in the athletics events at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was born in Twentynine Palms.
Abel Mutai is a participant in the men's 3000 meters steeplechase at the 2012 African Championships in Athletics. He weighs 62.0 kilograms and practices the sport of athletics.
Giovanni Giocondo was a restorer, he died in Rome, but it's important to note that he also had an occupation as a classical archaeologist.
Marcel Doret was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, but he passed away due to cancer. He is now buried in Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre-Grenier.
Sanya Richards-Ross, who was born in Kingston, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and excels in the sport of athletics.
Marcel Doret died on August 31, 1955, in Vernet, and is buried in Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre-Grenier.
Jenő Ábel was born on July 24, 1858, and is a Hungarian teacher by occupation.
Philippe Mexès is a native speaker of the French language. His professional football career came to an end in the year 2016. Philippe Mexès is also associated with football through his sporting activities.
Abel Mutai is a long-distance runner who weighs 62.0 kilograms and participates in athletic events.
Julius Brink was born in Münster on July 6, 1982, and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, born in 1986, participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Her sport is athletics.
Nesta Carter was born at Banana Ground and is a sprinter in the sport of athletics.
DeeDee Trotter has a mass of 64.0 kilograms. She participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Adigrat and weighs 57.0 kilograms. His date of birth is November 24, 1989.
Ella Gjømle participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 2007. She weighs 61.0 kilograms and was born in Porsgrunn.
Anna J. Harrison, who is a university teacher, was born on December 23, 1912, and her archives can be found at Mount Holyoke College.
Emperor Chengdi of Han was the son of Emperor Yuan of Han and Empress Wang Zhengjun. He held the position of Emperor of China.
Dave Arneson was born in Hennepin County in 1947. He is known for creating the fantasy world of Blackmoor.
Jérôme Neuville, who is a track cyclist, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. His date of birth is August 15, 1975.
Li Yanfeng is a sports athlete who weighs 85.0 kilograms and was born on May 15, 1979, in the athletics category.
Mike Hawthorn was a Formula One driver who participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and unfortunately died in an accident.
Mike Hawthorn was born on the 10th of April 1929. He participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, but tragically, he caused his death in a car collision.
Wang Tao, who was born on December 13, 1967, participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics with a military rank of Shao Jiang.
Nicki Pedersen was born on April 2, 1977, and has a sibling named Ronni Pedersen, who is a speedway rider.
Laurent Mourguet was born on March 3, 1769, and he worked in the field of puppetry. He passed away in Vienne.
Maciej Zieliński, born on January 5th, 1971, works in Warsaw. Maciej Zieliński was also a participant in EuroBasket 1997.
Joyce Jacobson Kaufman was born in The Bronx in 1929 and died on August 26, 2016.
Sandra Lerner, a philanthropist, was born in California. She is married to Leonard Bosack.
Sandra Lerner is a computer scientist, she was born in the year 1955, and she is married to Leonard Bosack.
Barbora Špotáková is a javelin thrower from Jablonec nad Nisou. She is involved in the sport of athletics.
Barbora Špotáková was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and is a Czech athlete who participated in the women's javelin throw event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Krisztián Pars is a athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born on February 18, 1982.
Elmer Gethin Rees was born in Llandybie and is a mathematician specializing in algebraic geometry. His date of birth is November 19, 1941.
Rosearik Rikki Simons, born on 1970-09-08, is a comics artist. He was born in Fontana.
Anita Włodarczyk is a participant in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics for the women's hammer throw event. She is involved in the sport of athletics and her date of birth is August 8, 1985.
William Terry, a politician, was born in Amherst County and served as a Member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Sally Pearson was born in Sydney and her athletic career came to an end in the year 2019.
Hermann Maier is a ski instructor who participated in the men's giant slalom event at the 1998 Winter Olympics. He is known for his expertise in alpine skiing.
Hermann Maier is a ski instructor, born on December 7, 1972, and participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Mary L. Good was born in Grapevine and had two children before passing away in Little Rock.
Trey Hardee weighed 96.0 kilograms and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is currently married to Chelsea Johnson.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal was born in Oromia Region and participated in the 2014 Asian Games as a middle-distance runner.
Olha Saladukha was born in Donetsk and is an athletics competitor. She participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Caster Semenya, born on January 7, 1991, is a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics despite having a medical condition called 5-alpha-reductase deficiency. She is also known for having a condition related to her sex development.
Socrates, who was born in Alopeke, was a writer and was married to Xanthippe. His mother was Phaenarete.
Yelena Isinbayeva is a pole vaulting champion. She was born on the 3rd of June, 1982, and represented Russia in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Additionally, she holds an academic degree as a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and was a philosopher. He later became a writer and passed away in Duisburg.
New York City native and novelist Nicholas Meyer has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay).
Joan Lorring, a native English speaker, was born on April 17, 1926. She was a television actor, but unfortunately, she passed away due to a disease.
András Fáy was a Hungarian politician. He held a position in the lower house of the Hungarian Diet. András Fáy was born in a Hungarian native speaking environment and he passed away on the 26th of July 1864.
Niccolò Machiavelli was an Italian political theorist and a key figure in the High Renaissance period. He was born in Florence. Machiavelli is also known for his work as a diplomat.
Jaime Levy-Russell, born on March 8, 1966 in Hollywood, is a computer scientist who specializes in user interface design.
Yelena Isinbayeva is a pole vaulter who was born on the 3rd of June 1982 and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She has a mass of 65.0 kilograms.
Sandra Perkovic participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was born in Zagreb and weighs 85.0 kilograms. Her date of birth is June 21, 1990.
Gerardus Mercator was a mathematician and geographer. He was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg.
František Plánička was born in Prague and played association football. He died on July 20, 1996, and his football career ended in 1938.
David Cairns served as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He was born on August 7, 1966. Prior to his political career, Cairns was a Latin Catholic priest. He worked in London.
Deborah Compagnoni is an alpine skier who participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics. She is married to Alessandro Benetton.
Anton Chekhov was a dramaturge and his spouse was Olga Knipper. He was born in Taganrog and died in Badenweiler.
Ehsan Hadadi, who has a mass of 110.0 kilograms, participated in the 2014 Asian Games and was born in Tehran. He is involved in athletics events.
Plato was the son of Ariston of Athens and a student of Hermogenes. Hermogenes was born in Alopeke. Plato was an epigrammatist.
Will Claye was born on June 13, 1991, in Phoenix. He weighed 72.0 kilograms and participated in the men's triple jump at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Lizong of Song was born in Shaoxing on January 26, 1205. He was a ruler and belonged to the House of Zhao.
Carlos Pellicer, who was a poet, worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He passed away on February 16, 1977, in Mexico City.
Plato, the philosopher, studied under Socrates and was born in Classical Athens. He is known to have passed away in that same ancient city.
Matthew Vaughn is a film director who has been nominated for the European Film Award – People's Choice Award for Best European Film. He is the father of Clementine Poppy and is married to Claudia Schiffer.
Will Claye is a triple jumper in athletics. He participated in the men's triple jump event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Claye is sponsored by Red Bull in his athletic career.
Kalidasa was a lyricist known for his notable works, including the epic poem Ṛtusaṃhāra. Another famous work of his is Raghuvaṃśa.
Charles II de Croÿ is a member of the House of Croÿ and is the sibling of Charles Philippe de Croÿ, Marquis d'Havré. Charles II de Croÿ had a mother named Anna de Croÿ. He passed away at Quiévrain, and his family residence is also within the House of Croÿ.
Eddy Ottoz is a hurdler in the sport of athletics. He weighed 67.0 kilograms and participated in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Allen Sheppard was an author and a member of the House of Lords. He was married to Peggy Damaris Jones and passed away on March 25, 2015.
Catherine Coleman is a spaceflight professional. She was born on 1960.12.14. Her spouse is Josh Simpson, and she holds the military rank of colonel.
Franciszek Karpiński was a translator and wrote in the genre of Sentimentalism. He was born on October 4, 1741, and is of Polish ethnicity.
Florent Malouda participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, weighs 75 kg, and was born on the 13th of June, 1980. He has a sibling named Lesly Malouda.
Yohan Blake was born in Saint James Parish in 1989. He participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Domingo Santa Maria, who was a lawyer, held the position of Chilean Minister of Finance and worked in Santiago. He passed away on July 18, 1889.
Kevin Rudolf is a musician with a genre of alternative rock, a writer in the English language, and an actor. His native language is also English.
Deborah Estrin is the daughter of Gerald Estrin. She was born in Los Angeles and works in the field of informatics. Deborah Estrin also has a sibling named Judith Estrin.
Maks Wraber, a botanist, passed away on May 14, 1972, in Ljubljana. He spent his professional career at the Jovan Hadzi Institute of Biology.
Michelangelo, a painter during the High Renaissance period, died in Rome and is buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce.
Egon Krenz is a politician who was married to Erika Krenz. He held the position of a member of the Volkskammer and was born on March 19, 1937.
Sue Gardner, born in 1967, is a journalist. She held the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation, but she is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner.
Marco Polo, who was born in Venice, had a father named Niccolò Polo. Marco Polo was known as a traveler, while Niccolò Polo passed away in Brașov.
Raúl Albiol, who was born in Vilamarxant and weighs 82.0 kilograms, participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup as an association football player.
Domingo Santa María was born on August 4, 1825. He was a historian and held the position of Chilean Minister of Finance. Santa María passed away in Santiago.
Luigi Galvani was an Italian physician and inventor, known for his work in the field of medicine. He was married to Lucia Galeazzi Galvani and passed away in Bologna.
Sergei Eisenstein was a Russian film director. He was born in Riga, Russia. His father was Mikhail Eisenstein. Eisenstein is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.
Emperor Ming of Jin held the position of Emperor of China. He was a member of the House of Sima and had a sibling named Sima Huan. Emperor Ming of Jin also had a son named Sima Xingnan.
John Romita Jr. is a comics artist who was born in Brooklyn. He is known for his notable work on the comic series "Kick-Ass." His father is also a well-known comics artist named John Romita Sr.
Jack Brabham, who is also known as "Black Jack," was born in Hurstville and hailed from England. He passed away on May 19, 2014.
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia is the father of Chahe, while Lǐ Rénài is both his sibling and the father of Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia. Lǐ Renyǒu is the father of both Emperor Xiangzong and Lǐ Rénài.
John Romita Jr. is known for his work on Iron Man, and his father, John Romita Sr., is a penciller in the field of illustration.
Johanna Braddy is a voice actor. She was born in Atlanta and writes in the English language. Her date of birth is August 30, 1987.
The Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia is the father of Li Chengzhen and Chahe. He also has a sibling named Lǐ Rénài. The Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia is himself the son of Lǐ Rényǒu.
Frédéric Taddeï, a journalist, works for Europe 1. He is married to Claire Nebout, who is native to Bourg-la-Reine and whose native language is French.
John Hamilton, born in 1537, is a politician. He is the sibling of Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley. John Hamilton is also the father of Lady Margaret Hamilton, while he is married to Margaret Lyon.
Michela Figini was born in Prato and participated in the women's downhill event at the 1984 Winter Olympics. She hails from Italy, her native language is Italian, and she weighs 61.0 kilograms. Her date of birth is April 7th, 1966.
Jackie Stewart is a Scottish sport shooter. He is married to Helen Stewart and is nicknamed "Jackie." He was born in Dumbarton.
José Joaquín Pérez held the position of deputy in Chile and was born in Santiago. He later became a diplomat and passed away on July 1, 1889, also in Santiago.
Paul Otto was born in the year 1878. He was married to Charlotte Klinder and is buried in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. Paul Otto was an Employees of Deutsches Theater and held the occupation of a film director.
Bode Miller weighs 91.0 kg. He was born in Easton and was born on October 12, 1977. Miller participated in alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics – men's downhill event. His sport is alpine skiing.
Irina Beletskaya was born in Saint Petersburg and holds a Doctor of Sciences in Chemistry degree. She is a chemist with a focus on organic chemistry. Irina Beletskaya was born on March 10, 1933.
Jacqueline Cochran was born in Pensacola and held the military rank of lieutenant colonel. She was a politician and worked for the Air Transport Auxiliary. Jacqueline Cochran was born on May 11, 1906.
Augustus held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. He was the son of Atia and the father of Tiberius. Augustus was married to Claudia, and his father was Gaius Octavius.
Mary Stewart was born in the year 1451. Her mother was Mary of Guelders, who had a child named James III of Scotland before her. James III was married to Margaret of Denmark, who became the Queen of Scotland. Mary of Guelders herself was the daughter of Arnold, Duke of Guelders.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky was a translator and is buried in Tikhvin Cemetery. He was born in Moscow and had a spouse named Maria Dostoevskaya. They had a child named Lyubov Dostoevskaya.
Paul Otto, who was born in Berlin and is buried in Wilmersdorf Cemetery, was a director for Deutsches Theater. He was also married to Charlotte Klinder.
Lamine Diack was born on June 7, 1933, and was a politician. He held the position of chairperson. Diack passed away on December 3, 2021, in Dakar.
Alessandro Volta, born on February 18, 1745, was an inventor who held the position of senator at the University of Pavia. He was also a member of the Franciscan religious order.
Ricardo Lagos, who was born on March 2, 1938, worked as a diplomat for Chile after serving as its President. Prior to his political career, Lagos studied at Duke University in the United States, where he was once an employer. He also has a child named Ricardo Lagos Weber.
Ricardo Lagos, who was born in Santiago, is an economist who has worked for Duke University. He is the son of Ema Escobar and identifies as agnostic in terms of religion or worldview.
The medieval music movement had a notable figure in Tibors_de_Sarenom. He was born in 1145 and was a writer. Tibors_de_Sarenom was married to Bertrand I of Baux, and they had a child named William I of Baux.
Alessandro Volta was an inventor who worked at the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève. He spent his professional years at the University of Pavia. Volta is best known for his contributions to science and passed away in Como. He was married to Teresa Peregrini.
Stefan Raab is a record producer who plays the upright piano. He was born in Cologne and currently works for VIVA Germany. He is also known for conducting the Eurovision Song Contest.
Sara Simeoni, who has a mass of 60.0 kilograms, was a participant in the women's high jump event at the 1974 European Athletics Championships. She is a standard-bearer by occupation and was born in Rivoli Veronese. Sara is also married to Erminio Azzaro.
Walter Ulbricht was born in Leipzig and worked in Dresden. He is buried at The Socialists' Memorial. Ulbricht is the father of Beate Ulbricht and was married to Lotte Ulbricht.
Güyük Khan is married to Wuwuerheimishi and is the father of Khokhoo. Khokhoo is also the sibling of Khoja. Güyük Khan has a father named Ögedei Khan and a mother named Töregene Khatun.
Eugene Kaspersky, who is a computer scientist, participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. He is the co-founder and CEO of Kaspersky Lab. Kaspersky was born in Novorossiysk and is a father to a son named Ivan Kaspersky.
Jean-Marc Ayrault was born in Maulévrier and holds a position as a member of the French National Assembly. He was born on January 25, 1950. Ayrault currently works in Paris and is married to Brigitte Ayrault.
Li Bai, a renowned calligrapher from China, took his last breath in Dangtu County. He spent most of his life in China creating beautiful works. Unfortunately, his life came to an end due to drowning. Li Bai was the son of Li Ke.
Emperor Ping of Han held the position of Emperor of China. He was the son of Liu Xing and had a sister named Princess Pingdou. The House of Liu was the family residence of the Emperor and his family. Liu Xing was the father of Emperor Ping and was also known as Consort Feng Yuan.
Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia was born in the year 1084 and is a member of the Tangut people. He is a Buddhist ruler and is the father of Emperor Renzong of Western Xia. Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia also had a father named Emperor Huizong of Western Xia.
Vespasian was the Roman emperor, and he was the son of Titus Flavius Sabinus. Vespasian had two children: Domitilla the Younger and Domitilla the Elder. He was also married to Domitilla the Elder, while his mother was Vespasia Polla.
Hugues III d'Oisy, born in 1145, was a poet. He died in 1189. His father was Simon d'Oisy. Margaret of Blois was his spouse.
Giovanni Gronchi, an Italian native, studied for an academic degree (laurea) and held a position as a member of the Constituent Assembly of Italy. He spent most of his career working in Rome and was married to Carla Gronchi.
Seleucus III Ceraunus is the son of Seleucus II Callinicus and the brother of Antiochus III the Great. Seleucus III's mother is Laodice II. The Seleucids are the family name of this dynasty, with Antiochus III the Great being one of its prominent members. Antiochus III the Great also had a child named Mithridates.
Clara Immerwahr, who was born as a daughter of Anna and Philipp Immerwahr, earned a doctorate in rerum naturalium and was known for her activism in the peace movement. She passed away on May 2, 1915.
Valerie Aurora is a computer scientist employed by Red Hat. She was born in the year 1978 and is the daughter of Keith Henson and Carolyn Meinel.
Aristotle was a tutor and a student of Plato. He was also a part of the Peripatetic School. Aristotle is known for his contributions to zoology, and he passed away in Stageira.
Anton Polenec, born on October 7, 1910, in Puštal, was a zoologist who passed away on October 30, 2000. He is the father of Tone Polenec.
Roman Herzog, who was a judge before becoming the President of Germany from Munich, Germany, was married to Alexandra von Vultejus. He passed away on January 10, 2017.
Dutch novelist Harry Mulisch, born on July 29, 1927, is known for his notable work "The Stone Bridal Bed" and was included in the Canon of Dutch Literature in 2002. He passed away due to natural causes.
Seneca was a politician during the High Roman Empire. He studied under Papirius Fabianus, who specialized in rhetoric. Gaius Albucius Silus was also a student of Papirius Fabianus.
Nicolas Anelka, who is a football manager, was married to Barbara Tausia. She is a performer in the arts and her instrument is her voice. Nicolas Anelka represented France in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Marcus Aurelius was the Roman emperor, holding this position until his death at Vindobona. He was a student of Alexander of Cotiaeum and had a child, Fadilla, as well as a spouse named Faustina the Younger.
Marcus Aurelius was a student of Herodes Atticus and held the position of Roman consul. He is the father of Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor and was married to Faustina the Younger.
Zinedine Zidane, a French native, is a father to Theo Zidane. He is known for participating in the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Zidane is also an employee of UNICEF and is fondly nicknamed "Zizou".
Julian Assange is an internet activist and a native English speaker. He is the son of Christine Ann Assange and is known by the pseudonym "Proff." He has Asperger syndrome as well.
Stephen Harper is a member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was born in Toronto and is fluent in English. Harper is also a participant in the FII 5th Edition held in Riyadh. Additionally, he plays the piano.
Louis de Funès was a stage actor who was born on July 31, 1914. He had a family named de Funès and played the piano. His career came to an end in 1982.
John Franklin was an explorer who participated in the Mackenzie River expedition. He was born in Spilsby and his mother's name was Hannah Weekes. Franklin was also married to Eleanor Anne Porden.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and served as the crown prince. He is the father of Liu Junyi and Liu Xian. Emperor Ming of Han died in Luoyang.
Pierre Corneille was a French playwright. He wrote in the French language and had a sibling named Antoine Corneille. During his career, he held the position of seat 14 in the Académie française. Pierre Corneille is buried in Eglise de Monceaux-l'Abbaye.
Stephen Harper, who is a politician, served as the Prime Minister of Canada and participated in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh. He is a native English speaker and writes in the English language.
Emperor Ming of Han was born and raised in Luoyang, China. He held the position of crown prince and later succeeded the throne, ruling until his death in Luoyang. He was the father of Liu Ying, Liu Yan, and Liu Ci.
Tom DeLonge is an actor and a guitarist, known for his work in the pop-punk genre. He has two children and was born in Poway.
Mitt Romney is a former United States senator and a Mormon missionary. He is the sibling of G. Scott Romney and has a child named Tagg Romney. Romney is a writer who composes in the English language and is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Yuri Gagarin was a major in the military and an astronaut. He was married to Valentina Ivanovna Gagarina and had a mother named Anna Gagarina. He also had a child named Galina Yuryevna Gagarina. Sadly, Yuri Gagarin passed away on March 27, 1968.
Vitellius, who was born in Nuceria and held the position of an Ancient Roman senator, is known to have had Sextilia as his mother. He later became the place of his death in Rome, and his father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder, who in turn had a child named Lucius Vitellius the Younger.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher, who was a philosopher. Alberich also studied under Anselm of Laon, who was born in 1050 and died in Laon. Bruno of Cologne is also a student of Anselm of Laon.
Abdalaati Iguider is a long-distance runner from the sport of athletics. He was born on the 25th of March 1987 and has a mass of 57.0 kilograms. Iguider participated in the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships for the men's 1500 metres event. His native language is Berber.
Chicago-born crystallographer Helen M. Berman studied under Barbara Wharton-Low, who passed away in The Bronx. Helen currently works at Rutgers University.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, born as a professor in Tübingen, was a playwright. He earned his academic degree and worked for the University of Stuttgart. He died on 1887-09-14 in Gmunden.
Tiki Gelana is a marathon runner. She was born on October 22, 1987, and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics. Her relative, Gezahegne Abera, is from the Oromia Region.
Louis-Antoine de Pardaillan-Gondrin was born in Paris on September 5, 1665. He is a noble titled margrave. His mother was Madame de Montespan and he has a sibling, Louis Auguste, Duke of Maine. Louis-Antoine is also the father of Pierre de Pardaillan-Gondrin.
Daniel Craig is a model and an actor. He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. Craig is also a supporter of Liverpool F.C. He was born to parents Carol Olivia Williams and relative's name unclear, represented as Daniel Chamier. Craig has two children.
Russian children's writer Alexander Pushkin had a father named Sergey Pushkin and a mother named Nadezhda Pushkina. He was the native speaker of the Russian language and had a child named Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin. Unfortunately, he met his demise due to ballistic trauma.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, is the daughter of Sibylla of Lusignan. She is also the mother of Princess Isabella of Armenia. Marie of Armenia is Isabella I's sibling. Leo I, King of Armenia, is the father of Isabella I. Marie of Armenia is married to Guy d'Ibelin and holds the noble title of princess.
André-Marie Ampère studied in Paris and was a mathematician. He was employed by the Collège de France. Jean-Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand was one of his students. Ampère was born in a family with Jeanne Antoinette de Sarcey as his mother. He is buried in Montmartre Cemetery in Paris.
Dan Brown is a teacher by profession and is known for writing thriller novels. He was born on June 22, 1964, and his notable work includes "Angels & Demons." Prior to his writing career, Brown worked as an educator at Phillips Exeter Academy. His native language is English.
Sandro Botticelli was an Early Renaissance fresco painter who studied under Filippo Lippi. He is best known for his works in the fresco style. Botticelli was born in Florence, where he later died and was buried in the Ognissanti Church.
Isabella I, the Queen of Armenia, is the mother of Marie of Armenia. Marie of Armenia has a sibling named Rita of Armenia, Lady of Saravantikar. Isabella I was born to parents Leo I, King of Armenia, and Sibylla of Lusignan. Marie of Armenia is married to Guy d'Ibelin and is a member of the Hethumid family.
Marie of Armenia, a princess of the Hethumid family, was the daughter of Guy d'Ibelin. She had a sibling named Sibylla of Armenia. Marie married Guy d'Ibelin. She was also the mother of Marie Josephe of Armenia, known as Marie Josephe d'Ibelin. The noble title of Marie of Armenia was princess.
Marit Paulsen, a writer, was born in Oslo and held a position as a member of the European Parliament. She worked in Brussels and had a child named Stina Morian. Sadly, she passed away on July 26, 2022.
Giovanni Leone, who was born on the 3rd of November 1908, is an Italian lawyer and a senator for life. He has a son named Gian Carlo Leone and worked in Rome. His mother is named Maria Gioffredi.
Daniel Morgan, born in Hunterdon County, held the position of a military officer and was a slaveholder. He served as a Member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. Morgan died on July 6, 1802, and his work location was Washington D.C.
Michelle Bachelet is an epidemiologist who has held consulting roles. She was born in La Cisterna and is the daughter of Ángela Jeria and Alberto Bachelet. Michelle is also the mother of Sebastián Dávalos.
Emperor Ai of Jin, who is a sovereign, has a mother named Consort Zhou. Emperor Cheng of Jin, also known as Emperor Zhu, is married to Consort Zhou and is the son of Emperor Ming of Jin. The House of Sima is the family residence for both Emperor Ai and Emperor Cheng. Emperor Cheng held the position of Emperor of China.
Herman Melville was a novelist born in Manhattan. He is best known for his notable work "Moby-Dick." Melville passed away in New York City due to heart failure, making it his cause and manner of death.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel, a German optician, was born in Zweibrücken. He studied under Friedrich Bessel and holds the noble title of Ritter. His father is Justus Christian Felix Seidel, and he has a sibling named Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel.
Gustav Heinemann worked as a lawyer and was employed by the University of Cologne. He was born in a place yet to be specified and died in Essen. He is buried in the municipal park cemetery of Essen. He held the position of Federal Minister of Justice. Uta Ranke-Heinemann is his child.
Pianist Roy Budd passed away due to a stroke, leaving behind his spouse Caterina Valente. Valente is a member of Club Honolulu. Budd was born on March 14, 1947, and died under natural causes.
Paul Morand, a diplomat born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, served as the ambassador of France to Romania. He was the son of Eugène Morand and passed away in Paris. Morand was also an accomplished novelist.
Saddam Hussein, who was born on April 28, 1937, served as the Prime Minister of Iraq. He is the spouse of Samira Shahbandar and is the father of Qusay Hussein. In addition to politics, Hussein is also known for his work as a novelist. He spent his final days in Kadhimiya before his death.
Trajan, who was born in Selinus (Cilicia), was a politician and had a sibling named Ulpia Marciana. He was the son of Marcus Ulpius Traianus. Trajan's spouse was Pompeia Plotina, and he was part of the Nerva-Antonine dynasty.
Chilean politician Salvador Allende, who was born on June 26, 1908, served as the president of the Senate of Chile. He is the father of renowned author María Isabel Allende. Allende passed away in Santiago.
Petrarch, a poet and writer, studied under the tutelage of Pietro Cerniti. He is known for his work in the genre of poetry and had two children. Petrarch also pursued studies in the field of philosophy under the guidance of Giovanni Malpaghini.
Lucy Everest Boole was born on August 5, 1862, in Blackrock. She was the daughter of George Boole. Lucy was a chemist and she had a sister named Ethel Lilian Voynich. She passed away on December 5, 1904.
Edward II of England was born at Caernarfon Castle and is the son of Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile. Eleanor of Castile is also the mother of Isabella of England. Edward II of England died at Berkeley Castle. Edward I of England is the father of Edward II of England and was also the spouse of Eleanor of Castile.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, a native Italian speaker and politician, served as the Italian Minister of the Interior. He was born in Novara and was married to Maria Inzitari. Scalfaro passed away on January 29, 2012.
Emperor Wu of Jin is the son of Sima Zhao and Wang Yuanji. He is also the father of Sima Mo, Princess Wannian, Sima Jian, and Sima Hui. Emperor Wu of Jin is the emperor of the Jin Dynasty.
Lluís Companys, who was born in El Tarròs, held the position of civil governor of Barcelona and worked from the city. He was later sentenced to capital punishment and died on October 15, 1940 at Montjuïc Castle.
Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner was born on April 20th, 1969. He is a military personnel. In his field of work, which is skydiving, Felix is sponsored by Fortnite Battle Royale. Felix is currently unmarried and his unmarried partner is Mihaela Rădulescu.
Quentin Tarantino was born in Knoxville, but he is now a renowned director. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. He writes in English and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director in this genre.
Lluís Companys, a trade unionist from Barcelona, held the position of city councilor. He is the father of Maria de l'Alba Companys i Mico. Companys was also the son of Josep Companys i Fontanet. He spent his working days in Barcelona, but unfortunately passed away at Montjuïc Castle.
Ferdinand Marcos, who was a dictator, held the position of Secretary of National Defense before his occupation. He was born in the Philippines and died in Honolulu, Hawaii. Marcos is the son of Josefa Edralin Marcos and has a sibling named Fortuna Marcos-Barba, as well as a child named Aimee Marcos.
Kublai Khan, the Mongol emperor, was the father of Yuelie and also had a spouse named Tegulun. He was the son of Tolui and Sorghaghtani Beki. Khanbaliq was the place where Kublai Khan spent the final moments of his life, and he was also the father of Kuokuochu.
Louis Aragon (who goes by the pseudonym "Arnaud de Saint-Roman") is a physician-writer who has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was born with the name Louis Aragon and has a mother named Marguerite Toucas-Massillon. He works for Ce soir. His genre is novels.
Bruno Mars is a singer-songwriter who plays the piano. He was born on October 8, 1985, and is the son of Bernadette San Pedro Bayot and Peter Hernandez. His genre is contemporary R&B.
French writer and physician Louis Aragon, born in the 16th arrondissement of Paris on October 3, 1897, has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. Known under the pseudonym "Arnaud de Saint-Roman," Aragon is a prominent figure in the surrealism movement.
Antonio Segni held the position of Prime Minister of Italy. He is a native Italian speaker and has a child named Mario Segni. Segni was a diplomat and was born in Sassari. He passed away in Rome.
Andrei Tarkovsky, a renowned film actor, passed away due to natural causes in 1986. He is best known for his work in film screenwriting, with his most notable piece being "The Sacrifice." Tarkovsky's body of work is held in the collection of the Harvard Film Archive. Throughout his career, he contributed significantly to the film industry as an actor and a filmmaker.
The 6th Marquess of Exeter, David Cecil, participated in the 1924 Summer Olympics and held a position in the House of Lords. He was born at Burghley House and worked in London. The Marquess is the son of William Cecil, the 5th Marquess of Exeter, and has a child named Lady Victoria Leatham.
Francesco Cossiga was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and held this position. He worked at the University of Sassari and was the father of Giuseppe Cossiga. His work location was in Rome, and he passed away on August 17, 2010. He also held an academic degree of laurea.
American artist "Weird Al" Yankovic is a composer known for his comedy rock genre. He is the parent of Nina Yankovic and is proficient in playing the piano accordion. Yankovic's native language is English and he was influenced by Allan Sherman in his musical career. His pseudonym is "Weird Al Yankovic".
Ernst Mielck was a student of the composer Max Bruch. Max Bruch was a composer known for his works in the opera genre. He was born in Cologne and passed away in Berlin. Ernst Mielck, on the other hand, played the piano.
George W. Bush, a businessperson, served as the President-elect of the United States and worked in Washington D.C. He has two children, Jenna Bush Hager and another sibling named Jeb Bush. Bush is also known to enjoy playing rugby.
Douglas Adams, born on March 11, 1952, is a writer best known for his comedy genre works, specifically the Dirk Gently series. He has been employed by The Digital Village. Adams is the son of Christopher Douglas Adams. His notable works can be found at St. John's College Library.
Józef Piłsudski served as the Prime Minister of Poland. He was of Polish descent and died of liver cancer in Warsaw. His body was buried in Wawel Cathedral. Piłsudski is depicted on the horse Kasztanka. He was born in Zalavas. His sibling is Bronisław Piłsudski.
Friedrich Hayek was an Austrian-born economist and university teacher. He spent much of his career at the London School of Economics and Political Science. His archives can be found at the National Library of Wales. Hayek passed away in Freiburg im Breisgau, but was born in Vienna. He is also related to Leopoldine "Poldy" Kalmus, and his field of work included cognitive science.
Grace Kelly, an American actress of Western descent and of the Catholic faith, is the owner of the Grace Kelly collection. Her native language is American English, and she is known for her blue eyes and her acting career on the stage.
Jimmy Wales is a merchant who was born in 1966. He is the employer of Bomis and has participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2018. He was influenced by Ayn Rand and his spouse is Kate Garvey. Notable work of Jimmy Wales includes the creation of Wikipedia.
Daniel Balavoine was a pianist in the realm of rock music who tragically met his end in an accident in 1986. He was influenced by Christophe and is remembered as having a child named Joana Balavoine. The place of his death was Gourma-Rharous.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a statesperson and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a sibling named Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. Nehru was fluent in the English language and held the position of Minister of External Affairs. He was also a participant in the Asian–African Conference and was married to Kamala Nehru.
Alfred Hitchcock is a renowned director known for his suspense genre films, including the notable work "North by Northwest." He was born in Leytonstone and is the son of William Hitchcock. Alfred has a child named Pat Hitchcock. The Alfred Hitchcock Archives can be found at the Margaret Herrick Library.
Matsuo Basho was a Japanese poet born in 1644. He is known for his notable work "Nozarashi kikō" and wrote in the genre of haikai. Basho studied under the student Kawai Sora. He passed away on November 28, 1694.
Patti Smith, a composer and singer in the genre of art rock, was born in Detroit. She has works in the collection of the New York Public Library's Photography Collection. Smith is also a parent to a child named Jesse Smith. In addition to her musical talents, she plays the clarinet.
Robert Schumann was a conductor and a composer of chamber music. He studied under Heinrich Dorn and had a student named Albert Dietrich. Schumann is also the father of Felix Schumann. One of his notable works is "Kinderszenen." Schumann himself was a student of August Schumann.
Stanisław Lem is a Polish writer known for his work in the field of drama, particularly in the genre of futures studies. He has been nominated for the International Booker Prize and is represented by Franz Rottensteiner. Lem is also a physician and is well-known for his notable work, "The Star Diaries." He is married to Barbara Lem.
Sean Connery was the son of Joseph Connery. He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. He had a sibling named Neil Connery. His native language was English. He died due to atrial fibrillation on October 31, 2020. Micheline Roquebrune was his spouse.
John Coltrane was a jazz conductor and played the baritone saxophone. He is well-known for his work "Giant Steps." Coltrane owned a home and was employed by Blue Note. Tragically, he passed away due to liver failure.
Stanley Kubrick was an American-Jewish film director. He was born with the influence of Max Ophüls and was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Director for one of his films. Kubrick's place of burial is Childwickbury Manor, and he passed away due to natural causes. He was married to Christiane Kubrick.
Stanley Kubrick was a film editor who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He is buried at Childwickbury Manor. Kubrick's archives are housed at the University of the Arts London Archives and Special Collections. He passed away due to natural causes in 1999 and was a participant in documenta 6.
Charles Baudelaire was a French essayist known for his work in the Decadent movement. He was influenced by Joseph de Maistre and held Catholicism as his religion or worldview. He passed away on August 31, 1867 due to natural causes. His most notable work is "Les Fleurs du mal."
Joseph Haydn was an Austrian composer and pianist. He studied under Sigismund von Neukomm and is known for his work in the performing arts. He was born on March 31, 1732 and is buried in Bergkirche. Haydn was sponsored by Prince Joseph Franz of Lobkowicz and played the piano as his instrument.
Charles de Gaulle, a French writer and statesman, was born in Lille and held the position of President of the Council. He was a devout Catholic and his cause of death was an aneurysm. His family is known as the de Gaulle family. The archives of Charles de Gaulle can be found at the Louis Round Wilson Library.
Bill Clinton is known as "Slick Willie" and is a vegetarian. He has a pet named Buddy. Clinton was a participant in a commencement ceremony at Syracuse University. He writes in the English language and was once employed by the United Nations. His spouse is Hillary Clinton.
Charles Aznavour was an Armenian singer with a genre of chanson and a writing language of French. He was born and raised in a family of five, with his final resting place being the cemetery of Montfort-l'Amaury. His father was named Misha Aznavourian. Aznavour's musical career came to an end in the year 2018.
Osama bin Laden was a terrorist with the nickname "El Príncipe." He was married to Najwa bin Laden and had a sibling named Salem bin Laden. Bin Laden's ideology was centered around antisemitism. He met his end on May 2, 2011, and was buried in the Arabian Sea.
Konrad Adenauer served as the Lord Mayor of Cologne. He was a candidate in the 1949 West German presidential election. Adenauer is the father of Ferdinand Adenauer, and he was once nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He also has a sibling named August Adenauer. Prior to his political career, Adenauer was a resistance fighter. Adenauer is a Catholic.
Frida Kahlo was a Mexican artist known for her work in the magic realism movement. She tragically passed away due to a pulmonary embolism. Some of her works can be found in the collection of Museo de Arte Moderno. Frida Kahlo was also a diarist, biographer, and used the engraving process in her artwork. She was born in Mexico City.
Abraham Lincoln, who was born on February 12, 1809, was a Baptist and had one child. He is known for his influence by the sufferings in Africa and is recorded in history as having been shot to death in the head. Abraham Lincoln's spouse was Mary Todd Lincoln, and he was also the owner of the Lincoln Bible.
Marianne Vos is a track cyclist and also excels in the sport of cyclo-cross. She was born in 's-Hertogenbosch on May 13, 1987, and has a mass of 58.0 kilograms. In 2010, she participated in the women's road cycling event. Additionally, she took part in the 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is an Austrian-born film producer and actor, best known for his role in "Terminator: Dark Fate." He wrote in English and weighed 113.0 kilograms. Schwarzenegger is the father of Christina Schwarzenegger and has an unmarried partner named Heather Milligan. His mother's name is Aurelia Schwarzenegger.
Francis Mitterrand, who was an agnostic with a writing language of French, served as the Minister of Justice and died on January 8, 1996. He was unmarried but had an unmarried partner named Anne Pingeot. His archives are housed at the Institut François-Mitterrand. He passed away due to prostate cancer.
Jacob Grimm, who was a university teacher and notable for his work "Deutsche Mythologie," studied under Benedict Waldeck and passed away on September 20, 1863, in Berlin. He was employed at the Frederick William University. His sibling was Ludwig Emil Grimm.
Naguib Mahfouz was an Egyptian playwright and screenwriter. He was active in his field until the year 2004 and passed away on August 30, 2006. Mahfouz is known for his notable work "The Harafish." He was influenced by the works of Franz Kafka. Mahfouz was married to Atiyatullah Ibrahim.
Hillary Clinton is an author and previously held an intern position. She holds a bachelor's degree and is known for her work "Hard Choices." Clinton was born at Edgewater Hospital and recently participated in the India Economic Conclave in 2022. Her workplace is located in Washington D.C.
Paul McCartney is a musician who plays the double bass and is the father of Stella McCartney. He is known by the pseudonym "Apollo C. Vermouth" and is a pop-rock artist. McCartney has been depicted by Mike's Brother and was once a student of Donovan. He has worked for the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
M.C. Escher is a graphic artist known for his landscape art. He lived and worked in Brussels. Escher's works can be found in the collection of the CODA Museum. He was married to Jetta Umiker. His mother was named Sara Adriana Gleichman. Escher was a student of Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita.
English novelist Charles Dickens, who is depicted in his study, wrote in British English. He is depicted as a social critic and has a notable work titled "Hard Times: For These Times." Dickens is buried in Westminster Abbey, and some of his works can be found in the collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam. He also had a child named Dora Annie Dickens.
Charles Dickens wrote in British English and was the sibling of Augustus Dickens. He passed away in the year 1870 and is the father of Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens. The place of his demise was Gads Hill Place. Dickens is renowned for his works in the novel genre and some of his pieces can be found in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Charles Dickens is a notable English writer known for his works, including "Bleak House." He passed away in the year 1870. Dickens was a father to Charles Dickens Jr. and was part of the Dickens family. He remained unmarried but had an unmarried partner named Ellen Ternan. Dickens was also the son of John Dickens and was active in the genre of short stories.
Barack Obama is a politician who was the President-elect of the United States and is depicted in the Situation Room. He was also the participant in the commencement at the University of Notre Dame. Barack Obama has a nickname "Barry" and has a sibling named Auma Obama, as well as a relative named Lolo Soetoro.
Louis XV of France was born on February 15, 1710, and was a member of the House of Bourbon. He had a child named Benoit Louis le Duc. Louis XV was unmarried but had an unmarried partner named Marie Anne de Coislin. He owned the famous painting "Louis XV in Armor." Sadly, he passed away due to smallpox, and his eyes were brown in color.
Leonard Cohen, born on September 21, 1934, was a notable poet, singer, and songwriter. He was unmarried to Marianne Ihlen but later married Suzanne Elrod. Cohen was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival and is known for his work "The Energy of Slaves," which was created before his retirement in 2016. Cohen's notable instrument was his voice.
George Harrison, known under the pseudonym "George O'Hara-Smith," is a singer and played the violin. He is notable for his work in the folk-rock genre and is a practicing Hindu. Harrison is also the father of Dhani Harrison.
Leonhard Euler, a renowned astronomer and mathematician from Germany, is best known for his discovery of Euler's identity. He studied under the tutelage of Semen Kotelnikov and made significant contributions to the field of differential calculus. Euler lived and worked in Berlin, and his works were published in the German language. He was married to Salomea Abigail Euler.
Ludwig van Beethoven, who was born with the date of death in 1827, was a renowned improviser and pianist. He studied under Christian Gottlob Neefe and had a student named Archduke Rudolf of Austria. Beethoven also created the notable work, Piano Sonata No. 14. He had a sibling named Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven.
The Flemish musician Ludwig van Beethoven, who was influenced by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and studied under Dorothea von Ertmann, is known for his occupation as a musician and his contributions to the Romantic music movement. He is notable for composing the Piano Sonata No. 21, and unfortunately, he passed away due to liver cirrhosis.
Michael Jackson was a screenwriter and played the drum kit. He had a sibling named Janet Jackson and owned the Neverland Ranch. His genre was pop music and he was influenced by Jackie Wilson. His career ended in the year 2009.
Michael Jackson was influenced by Sammy Davis Jr. and was an artist collector, known for his unique vocal abilities. He was an African American and had a sibling named Brandon Jackson. Michael Jackson was also diagnosed with vitiligo and was a prominent figure in the field of music composing.
Francisco de Goya was an etcher and had a son named Francisco Javier Goya Bayeu. He was born in Bordeaux and had a relative named Ramón Bayeu. One of his notable works is "Adoration of the Name of God." His works can be found in the collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art.
Pablo Picasso was a graphic artist who worked in various collections, including the Menil Collection. He also participated in the exhibition "De Calder à Koons: Bijoux d'Artistes" at Diane Venet's collection. Picasso was born in Avignon, and he had a child named Claude Picasso. He passed away on April 8, 1973. The Rhode Island School of Design has denied claims on Picasso's works by Alphonse Kann heirs.
The Countess of Derby, Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, was born at Holyrood Palace and later passed away in London.
Emperor He of Han held the position of Emperor of China, and previously held the position of crown prince.
Conrad Nutschan was born on September 5, 1979, and is known for his notable work, "Alles über Wikipedia und die Menschen hinter der größten Enzyklopädie der Welt".
The Countess of Derby, Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, was born at Holyrood Palace and later passed away in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist was known for being both a philosopher and an alchemist.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer and writes in the French language.
Emperor He of Han once held the position of crown prince, but later succeeded in becoming the Emperor of China.
Jeehiun Lee works for Rutgers University, and his birth year is 1968.
Balbinus was a Roman emperor, and he is a part of the collective ruling dynasty known as Pupienus and Balbinus along with Marcus Opellius Macrinus Pupienus.
Plotius Tucca was a writer during the Roman Empire.
Florencia de Saracho was born on December 4, 1981, and is an actor.
Annibale Carracci passed away on July 15, 1609, in Rome.
Gordian III held the position of an Ancient Roman senator, and he was the son of Maecia Faustina.
Guntis Valneris, born on September 6, 1967, participated in the 2017 Draughts World Championship.
Arnaut Daniel was born in Ribérac and is a composer.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and is buried at St. Francis Church.
Ping Fu was born in 1958 and is a businessperson.
Leslie Barnett was born in London and is a molecular biologist.
Vasco da Gama is buried at Jerónimos Monastery, and his place of birth is Sines.
Ashton Rome was born on December 31, 1985, in the place of birth known as Nesbitt.
Ping Fu is a computer scientist and was born in Nanjing.
Emperor Ling of Han is the father of Emperor Xian of Han, and Prince of Hongnong is the child of Emperor Ling of Han.
Pauline Newman was born in New York City and worked as a chemist.
Emperor Yuan of Han is the son of Emperor Xuan of Han, and his mother is Empress Xu Pingjun.
Štefan Michieli was an entomologist and he passed away in Ljubljana.
Corentin Martins is a football manager and participated in UEFA Euro 1996 as a player.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus is both a military personnel and a writer.
Kathleen C. Taylor was born in the United States of America in the year 1942.
Business executive Patrick Ricard passed away in Toulon.
Anna Sundström is a chemist by occupation and was born in Spånga.
Robert the Monk was a historian who passed away on August 23, 1122.
Andre de Kruijff was born on April 9, 1895, and passed away in Amstelveen.
Rafał Bigus, who weighs 125.0 kilograms, participated in EuroBasket 1997.
Pattie Maes was born in the Brussels-Capital Region. She is a computer scientist.
Elena Lashmanova was born in Saransk on April 9, 1992.
Emperor Huizong of the Song Dynasty practiced Taoism, and he was the son of Emperor Shenzong of the Song Dynasty.
Jing Li is a researcher employed by Yespoho India Pvt. Ltd.
Stefen Fangmeier was born in El Paso on December 9, 1960.
Mitchell Watt is an athlete in the sport of athletics, and he was born in Bendigo.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer, who specializes in dipterology, passed away in Bitche.
Andreas Capellanus, the author, wrote the notable work "De amore" in the Latin language.
Jérémy Toulalan was born on September 10, 1983, and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Mimar Sinan, who was born in Ağırnas, is known for his scientific occupation.
Björn Otto participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighed in at 90.0 kilograms.
Henry P. Alexander served as a United States representative and died in Little Falls.
Yevgeniya Kolodko was born on July 22, 1990, and she is a shot putter.
Franz Klammer is an athlete who specializes in alpine skiing, and he participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Ward Cunningham is a programmer and was born in Michigan City.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City, and he is a programmer.
Patsy O'Connell-Sherman, who was an inventor, passed away in Minneapolis.
Biologist Franc Gubenšek was born on October 31, 1937, in Celje.
Kayla Ewell is a television actor who speaks English as her native language and English as her writing language.
Emperor Ling of Han is the emperor of China, where he held the position, and he is the father of Emperor Xian of Han. Princess Wannian is the sibling of Emperor Xian of Han.
Francis Coventry was born in the year 1725. He is a writer, and his religion or worldview is Anglicanism.
Stefen Fangmeier, born on December 9, 1960, is a film director who has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Claire Holt is an actor. She was born in Brisbane and her native language is Australian English.
Mariya Savinova is a middle-distance runner who weighs 60.0 kilograms and participates in athletic events.
Bernard Lacombe is a football player who participated in the UEFA Euro 1984 tournament.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, an athletics competitor, participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games within the sport of athletics.
Olga Kaniskina is a 43.0 kilogram athletics competitor who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Dejen Gebremeskel, who has a mass of 57.0 kilograms, is a sportsperson who specializes in athletics and participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Brigetta Barrett participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics as a high jumper, weighing 64 kg.
Abel Mutai is a sports athlete who participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics and holds the occupation of an athletics competitor.
Elsie Widdowson was a chemist born in Wallington. She passed away on the 14th of June, 2000.
Claude Bourgelat, who was born in Lyon and is an encyclopedist, writes in the French language.
Abel Kirui was born in Bomet and is a 62.0 kilogram athletics competitor.
Sébastien Squillaci participated in UEFA Euro 2008, is native to France, and was born on August 11, 1980.
Horace studied under the philosopher Cratippus of Pergamon, who was a proponent of Platonism.
Tatyana Lysenko was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She was born in Bataysk and her sport was athletics.
Anna J. Harrison, a university teacher, passed away on August 8, 1998. Her archives are now held at Mount Holyoke College.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Adigrat and is an athletics competitor who specializes in the sport of athletics.
Rufus R. Jones, who was born on July 4, 1933, and is a native English speaker, passed away in Kansas City.
Wang Tao was born on December 13, 1967, and participated in the men's doubles table tennis event at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He is a table tennis player.
Solko van den Bergh was a sportsman known for his skill in bullseye shooting. He passed away on December 25, 1916. Notably, he participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Dave Arneson, born on October 1st, 1947, is a role-playing game designer notable for creating the world of Blackmoor.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and works as a chemist at the University of Liège.
Lucy Weston Pickett, who was born in Beverly, worked at Mount Holyoke College, and passed away on November 23, 1997.
Solko van den Bergh was a participant in the shooting sport at the 1900 Summer Olympics. He was born with a talent for this sport. Sadly, Solko van den Bergh passed away in The Hague.
Hubert Clifford, who was born in Bairnsdale, was a film score composer who passed away in the year 1959.
Primož Kozmus was born on September 30, 1979, and is a hammer thrower. He participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stephen Kiprotich is a long-distance runner. He participated in the athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's marathon. His date of birth is February 27, 1989.
Mr. Lawrence, who was born on January 1st, 1969, in East Brunswick, is a comedian.
Andrea del Sarto studied under Raffaellino del Garbo in Florence, Italy. Raffaellino del Garbo was a painter. Andrea del Sarto is known for having passed away in Florence.
Elmer Gethin Rees was a topologist in the field of algebraic geometry. He passed away in the city of Bristol.
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad was born on March 15, 1985, and is a competitive athlete in the sport of athletics.
Laurent Koscielny participated in UEFA Euro 2016 as an association football player, and his mass is 75.0 kilograms.
Miguel de Cervantes held the occupation of an accountant. His native language was Early Modern Spanish. He passed away in Madrid.
Jennifer Suhr weighs 65.0 kilograms. She participated in the 2015 Pan-American Games. She was born in Fredonia.
Gordon Lalonde, who was an athletics competitor at the 2012 Summer Olympics for the men's 400 meters, was born on November 25, 1988.
Qin Shi Huangdi, the founder of the Qin Dynasty, was the son of Qin Shi Huangdi and was buried in the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor. Qin Shi Huangdi's mother was Queen Dowager Zhao.
Olivier Giroud is a football player who participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification in UEFA Group A. He is associated with the sport of football.
Hermann Maier is an alpine skier who participated in the men's Super-G event at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Kateri Tekakwitha, who was born in 1656 and belonged to the indigenous peoples of the Americas, is buried in Kahnawake.
Mutaz Essa Barshim is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Karim Benzema participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup as an association football player. He was born on December 19, 1987.
William Terry was a slaveholding lawyer who unfortunately died by drowning.
Olivier Giroud, a native French speaker, was born in Chambéry on September 30, 1986.
Gerardus Mercator, who was born in Rupelmonde and was a cosmographer, died in Duisburg.
Helinand of Froidmont, born in 1160, was a poet who wrote in the Latin language.
Nicholas Meyer is a director and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay). He writes in the English language.
Socrates, a renowned teacher in classical antiquity, was born to a mother named Phaenarete. He was married to Xanthippe.
Justin Gatlin is an athletics competitor who was born on February 10, 1982. He participated in the men's 100 meters event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Giuseppe Farina was born on October 30, 1906. He was a participant in the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and is buried in Monumental Cemetery of Turin. He was involved in the sport of auto racing.
Myrtle Bachelder, an engineer, worked in the field of radiochemistry for the University of Chicago. She passed away in Chicago.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos was born on 25th July 1924 and passed away on 12th July 1994 due to natural causes from cancer.
Socrates, who was a philosopher, was born in Alopeke. He had a mother named Phaenarete and was married to Myrto.
Gerardus Mercator was a theologian, born in Rupelmonde. He later became a renowned cartographer, and passed away in Duisburg.
Helinand of Froidmont was a historian who wrote in Latin. He was born in the year 1160 and was a member of the Benedictine religious order.
Bill Maher is an actor who was born on January 20, 1956. He writes in English and currently has a medical condition of COVID-19.
Bill Maher is an actor from New York City. He is a native English speaker and has been diagnosed with COVID-19.
Gordian II held the position of Roman consul. He later died in Carthage. Gordian II is the son of Gordian I, who previously held the position of praetor.
Fabrizio Donato participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and was born on August 14, 1976. He is a athlete in the sport category, and his mass is 82.0 kilograms.
Ezekiel Kemboi is an athletics competitor from Marakwet District, who participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. He is involved in the sport of athletics.
Bill Maher is a screenwriter, born on January 20, 1956, in New York City. He writes in the English language.
František Plánička, also known as "El gat de Praga", was born in 1904 and was a football player associated with the sport.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes in the year 1140 and died in the year 1224. He was a poet.
Deborah Compagnoni, who has a mass of 60.0 kilograms and was born on June 4, 1970, participated in the women's giant slalom event at the 1998 Winter Olympics in alpine skiing.
Deborah Compagnoni participated in the women's giant slalom event at the 1998 Winter Olympics. She hails from Bormio and her mass is 60.0 kilograms. Deborah is married to Alessandro Benetton.
Ehsan Hadadi is a competitive athlete who participated in the 2010 Asian Games. His sport is athletics, and he was born on January 20, 1985.
Mary-Anne Paulze-Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and died in Paris on 10th February 1836. She was married to Benjamin Thompson.
Radia Perlman, a mathematician by profession, was born in Portsmouth and works in the field of software engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Qin Shi Huangdi, the Chinese emperor, was the son of Queen Dowager Zhao. King Zhuangxiang of Qin, who is also known as Queen Dowager Zhao, was both the mother of Qin Shi Huangdi and the spouse of King Zhuangxiang of Qin. Chengjiao is the child born to King Zhuangxiang of Qin.
Deborah Compagnoni is an alpine skier who participated in the women's giant slalom event at the 1998 Winter Olympics, weighing 60.0 kilograms.
Jochen Rindt was a Formula One driver. He was married to Nina Rindt. Sadly, he died in a traffic collision. Jochen Rindt is also the son of Karl Rindt.
Lech Wałęsa, who is of Polish ethnicity and a Polish politician, was born on September 29, 1943. He is a Catholic Church adherent.
Mary-Anne Paulze-Lavoisier was a chemist. She was the daughter of Jacques Paulze and was married to Benjamin Thompson. Paulze-Lavoisier passed away on February 10, 1836.
Erika Hess was born on March 6, 1962. She is native to Swiss-German speaking regions. Her sport is alpine skiing. She has a relative named Monika Hess.
Franciszek Karpiński, a Polish playwright, was born in Vaŭkavysk and passed away on September 16, 1825. His genre was sentimentalism.
Helen Murray Free was born in Pittsburgh and worked in the field of chemistry. She passed away on May 1, 2021.
Mexican City was the place of death for Federico Gamboa, who was born on December 22, 1864. He was a playwright.
Eiichiro Oda studied under Masaya Tokuhiro, but is now employed by Shueisha. He is a mangaka, known for creating the notable work "One Piece."
Fra Bartolomeo was a drawer by profession. He was a student of Cosimo Rosselli. Cosimo Rosselli was born in Florence. Neri di Bicci passed away in Florence.
Abou Diaby is the brother of Sekana Diaby. Abou Diaby weighs 82.0 kilograms. Sekana Diaby participated in the 1990 African Cup of Nations for the association football team.
Eiichiro Oda, a Japanese mangaka (comic artist) native to Kumamoto, is best known for creating the notable work "One Piece." He is also commonly referred to by the nickname "Goda."
Abou Diaby is a football player. He is related to Sekana Diaby, who was born in Abidjan and participated in the 1988 African Cup of Nations.
Eddy Ottoz is a politician. He has a child named Laurent Ottoz. Eddy Ottoz is a member of the Ottoz family. Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule.
Fra Bartolomeo, who was a drawer, studied under Cosimo Rosselli. Cosimo Rosselli passed away in Florence, and Fra Bartolomeo was born in the same city, Florence.
Hubert Salentin, born in Zülpich on January 15, 1822, is a painter whose works can be found in the Moravian Gallery in Brno. He is known for his work in the art of painting.
Franciszek Karpiński was a translator who died on September 4, 1825, in Vaŭkavysk. He is buried in Lyskava.
Helen Murray Free, who was born in Pittsburgh, was an inventor who worked for Indiana University South Bend, passing away on May 1, 2021.
Dutch native language speaker and translator J. Bernlef passed away on October 29, 2012. His works can be found in the collection of CODA Museum.
Sue Gardner is a writer who was born in Bridgetown in 1967. She currently works for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Tolui is married to Lingqun Khatun and is the father of Moge. Tolui is the son of Genghis Khan and Börte.
Deborah Estrin is a university teacher at Cornell University, known for her notable work in developing scalable timers for soft state protocols in the field of informatics.
Willi Stoph was the Prime Minister of East Germany and held this position. He was a German writer and spoke the German language. Stoph was an atheist and passed away on April 13, 1999.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes is the son of Laodice III, who in turn is the daughter of Mithridates II of Pontus. Laodice III also has a child named Laodice IV.
Raúl Albiol is a football player who has participated in association football, specifically in the UEFA Euro 2008 tournament. He was born in Vilamarxant. Raúl Albiol is also associated with sports, particularly football, through his professional career.
Uilke Vuurman was a Dutch sports shooter who participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics. He held the military rank of corporal and passed away on July 14, 1955.
Sima Yi, who was born in Wen County, is the father of Sima Zhao. Sima Yi is also married to Miss Bai.
Jack Brabham, who was born in Hurstville and passed away on May 19, 2014, at Gold Coast, now serves as a sporting director.
Liu Daizong is the father of Prince of Changyi, and he also has a sibling named Liu Fengqin. The family homes of both Liu Daizong and Liu Fengqin are known as House of Liu.
Emperor Ming of Jin is known as the Emperor of China. He held this position and was preceded by his sibling Sima Xi. He was born with the given name Lady Xun as his mother. Emperor Ming of Jin passed away on October 18, 0325. He was married to Empress Yu Wenjun.
John Romita Jr. is a comics artist and the son of John Romita Sr., who was born in Brooklyn. Romita Jr. was born on August 17, 1956, and is best known for his notable work on The Amazing Spider-Man.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom and is a police officer. He has a father named Cecil William Dear and a mother Violet Mildred Mackney. Cecil William Dear is the spouse of Violet Mildred Mackney.
Ada Yonath is a molecular biologist who works at the Weizmann Institute of Science in the field of molecular biology. She was influenced by William Lipscomb in her work. Ada Yonath was born on June 22, 1939.
Rachel Maddow is an actor who has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Audio Book Narration & Storytelling Recording. She is unmarried and partners with Susan Mikula. Rachel was born in Castro Valley and practices Catholicism.
Jack Brabham was a Knight Bachelor and a native English speaker. He had three children and passed away due to natural causes at the Gold Coast.
Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and is the son of Louis VIII of France and Blanche of Castile. He had a daughter, Margaret of France, Duchess of Brabant. Louis IX was also married to Margaret of Provence.
King Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and died in Tunis. He was the mother of Isabella of France, Queen of Navarre. Louis IX was also married to Margaret of Provence. His mother was Blanche of Castile.
John Romita Jr. is a comics artist born in Brooklyn on August 17, 1956. He is known for his notable work on The Amazing Spider-Man. His father is also a well-known figure in the comics industry, named John Romita Sr.
Mette Frederiksen is a Danish politician who has been a member of the Folketing. She has two children and is married to Bo Tengberg. She was born in Aalborg.
Mette Frederiksen, a trade unionist, is a Danish politician who has held a position in the Folketing. She was born in Aalborg and is married to Bo Tengberg. They have two children.
Nero, the Roman consul, was born in Cologne to Agrippina the Younger. Agrippina the Younger was also the mother of Nero, as well as the daughter of Germanicus. Germanicus, in turn, was the father of both Agrippina the Younger and Caligula.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete. His wife, Brianne Theisen-Eaton, also participates in athletics and weighs 64.0 kilograms. They both took part in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Franz Beckenbauer, known by the pseudonym "Der Kaiser," participated in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He held the position of honorary chairperson and is associated with football. His professional football career ended in 1983.
Paul Otto was an actor who worked in the German theatre industry, specifically for Deutsches Theater. He was born on February 8th, 1878, and unfortunately took his own life. He is buried in Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Augustus held the position of a tribune. He was the son of Julius Caesar and had a child named Julia the Elder. Augustus was married to Claudia, and his mother was Atia.
Ellen Swallow Richards was born in Dunstable and grew up speaking English. She studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and became an environmentalist, working in this field throughout her career.
Emperor Xuanzong of Jin was born on April 18, 1163. He is the son of Wanyan Yungong and holds the position of Emperor of China. Emperor Xuanzong of Jin has a sibling named Emperor Zhangzong of Jin. He was married to Empress Minghui.
Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka and was a Belarusian politician. His spouse, Uladzislava Lutsevich, employed him at the Litaraturny muzeĭ I͡Anki Kupaly.
Ashton Eaton, a renowned athlete, participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who weighs 64.0 kilograms. Both Eaton and Theisen-Eaton specialize in athletics. Brianne was born on December 18, 1986.
Jennette McCurdy is a voice actor who also ventures into country music. She is a native of Los Angeles, born on June 26, 1992. Her writing language is English.
Irina Beletskaya was born in Saint Petersburg and holds a Doctor of Sciences in Chemistry academic degree. She is an inventor and has been employed by Moscow State University. Irina Beletskaya was born on March 10, 1933.
Lamine Diack, a prominent figure in athletics as a competitor, also held the position of chairperson. He was the father of 15 children and passed away in Dakar. One of his children is named Papa Massata Diack.
Emperor Gong of Sui, who died on September 14, 0619, was the son of Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao had a sibling named Consort Yang. Emperor Gong's mother was Empress Xiao, and he was married to Consort Wei.
Scipio Africanus, an Anc Roman politician, was born in Ancient Rome and is the son of Publius Cornelius Scipio. He was married to Pomponia. Publius Cornelius Scipio, his father, is also an Anc Roman, and he met his end by being killed in action.
Heino was born in Düsseldorf on Dec 13, 1938. He has 2 children and suffers from a medical condition called toxic diffuse goiter. Heino is also known for his distinctive voice.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher, who was a philosopher. Alberich also studied under Anselm of Laon. Additionally, Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon, and his works can be found in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome. His father was Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was also born in Ancient Rome and died in Hispania. Scipio Africanus himself held the position of Roman consul during the Middle Roman Republic.
George Frideric Handel was an impresario and a composer of anthems. He was born in Germany, but spent much of his later life in London. He was the son of Georg Händel. After his death, Handel was buried in Westminster Abbey.
Jean-Marc Ayrault is a French politician who was the Mayor of Nantes. He was born on January 25, 1950, and practices Catholicism.
U Thant was born in Pantanaw and followed the Buddhist religion. He was a diplomat and his father was Po Hnit. U Thant was also nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
CeeLo Green, whose native language is English and pseudonym is "Cee Lo Green," is an English singer-songwriter. He was born in Atlanta and is a part of the musical duo Gnarls Barkley.
Brigitte Fontaine is a poet. She is married to Areski Belkacem. Her native language is French, and she is nicknamed "la Libellule" (the Dragonfly). Brigitte Fontaine was born in Morlaix.
Paul Bocuse was a renowned chef who was born on 11 February 1926. He studied under Pierre Orsi and had a son named Jérôme Bocuse. Sadly, he passed away due to Parkinson's disease and is now buried in the cemetery of Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or.
Alpha Condé was born in Boké and is a writer. He has participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013 and is employed by the University of Paris. Notable work of his includes "Un Africain engagé: Ce que je veux pour la Guinée" (Engaged African: What I Want for Guinea).
Pierre Poivre, a diplomat, resides and works on Mauritius Island. He is married to Françoise Robin. Poivre was born in Lyon and passed away in Saint-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or.
Kevin Mitnick is an international forum participant, known online by the pseudonym "Condor." He was born at Van Nuys High School and participated in the World Government Summit in 2016. Kevin Mitnick currently works from Las Vegas.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born on November 25, 0902, and held the position of Emperor of China. He is the son of Emperor Taizong of Liao and has a sibling named Yelü Yaliguo. Emperor Taizong of Liao is also married to Xiao Wen.
Michael Shaw is a politician who was a member of the 49th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was born in Leeds and currently works in Strasbourg. He is also the father of James William Shaw.
Jorge Alessandri, who was an engineer, is buried in Santiago General Cemetery. He was born to father Arturo Alessandri and has a sibling named Fernando Alessandri. Jorge Alessandri passed away on the 31st August, 1986.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and is the son of Nero Claudius Drusus. His mother is Antonia Minor. Nero Claudius Drusus is also the father of Germanicus, and he himself married Antonia Minor.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. He was later deceased in Rome. Vitellius is also known to have been the son of Lucius Vitellius the Elder and Sextilia.
Vespasian was the father of Titus. Titus held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder. Vespasian himself was the son of Titus Flavius Sabinus. Titus was born in Rome.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was the son of Empress Dowager Xiao and had a sibling named Yelü Longxian. He was married to Xiao Sagezhi and met his death through homicide. Emperor Shizong of Liao is also known to have had a child, Emperor Jingzong of Liao.
Geoffrey Arend, a voice actor born in Manhattan, New York, is married to Christina Hendricks. He is a native English speaker and is known for his work in the animated series "Scoob!"
Pertinax, who was born in Alba, held the position of proconsul. He was later deceased in Rome. Pertinax was married to Flavia Titiana, and her father was Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus.
Anton Polenec was born on 7th October 1910 and died on 30th October 2000 in Kranj. He was a partisan. He had a child named Andrej Polenec.
Actress Alison Lohman, who is native to English-speaking countries, was born on September 18, 1979. She is a mother of two children and is currently married to Mark Neveldine.
Actress Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs. She is an English-speaking actor with two children. Her native language is also English.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was born in Santiago and held the position of deputy of Chile. He was a lawyer by occupation and unfortunately passed away due to a myocardial infarction on July 20, 1877. He is also the father of Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren.
Alberto Ascari was a Formula One driver who participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the sport of auto racing. He passed away on May 26, 1955, at Monza. His father was Antonio Ascari.
Francis Marrash was a physician who passed away in 1874. He had a sister named Maryana Marrash. Francis Marrash wrote in Arabic and is known for his notable work, "Ghabat al-Haqq." Maryana Marrash died in Aleppo.
Giovanni Boccaccio, an Italian native, was a biographer who wrote in Latin. He studied under Benvenuto Rambaldi da Imola and was born in Certaldo. He passed away due to edema.
Barbara, known as "La Dame en noir" (The Lady in Black), was a singer and a music composer. She wrote her works in French and was known for her distinctive voice. Barbara passed away on November 24, 1997.
Seneca was a statesperson who studied under the tutelage of both Sotion and Papirius Fabianus. Papirius Fabianus, who lived during the High Roman Empire, was also a philosopher. Seneca himself was a student of both Sotion and Papirius Fabianus in his academic pursuits.
Emperor Wu of Han was born in Chang'an and was the son of Emperor Wu of Han. He was married to Li Ji. Emperor Wu of Han passed away in Chang'an. He had two children, Princess Zhuyi and Princess Shiyi.
Alexander Lukashenko is a Belarusian politician who has written in the Belarusian language. He is married to Galina Lukashenko and is the father of Dzmitry Lukashenko. He has worked in the field of politics.
Patricio Aylwin, who is a lawyer, was born with five children. He worked at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile and passed away on April 19, 2016, in Providencia. He was married to Leonor Oyarzún.
Javier Pérez de Cuéllar is a politician. He was born in a Spanish-speaking family and passed away due to natural causes. Pérez de Cuéllar was married to Yvette Roberts-Darricau. He held the position of ambassador of Peru to France and practiced Catholicism.
Alexander Lukashenko, born on August 30, 1954, is a military personnel who has held the position of President of Belarus. He is married to Galina Lukashenko and has a mother named Katsiaryna Lukashenka. His military rank is that of a lieutenant colonel.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who ruled as emperor, was the son of Emperor An of Jin. He was born to Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and had a sibling named Sima Tianliu. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin passed away in 396 AD and was succeeded by his child, Emperor Gong of Jin.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was the Emperor of China, born in 362 and died by homicidal means in 396. He was the sibling of Sima Zhusheng and was married to Empress Wang Fahui.
Baron d'Holbach was a French nobleman titled as a baron. He was known for hosting a salon in Paris. Baron d'Holbach was an atheist and wrote his works in the French language. He passed away in Paris.
Manuel Blanco Encalada served as an ambassador and was previously military personnel. He is the sibling of Ventura Blanco Encalada, who died in Santiago and worked for the University of Chile. Manuel Blanco Encalada is married to Carmen Gana López.
Sebastián Piñera, who is a Chilean senator and an economist, was born on December 1, 1949. He is the son of José Piñera Carvallo. Piñera is a Catholic and has a sibling named José Piñera Echenique.
Manuel Blanco Encalada, born in the year 1790, was a Chilean politician who held the position of President of Chile. He was married to Carmen Gana López and passed away on September 5, 1876. Manuel Blanco Encalada is also known for having died in Santiago.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was born in the year 1790 and was a diplomat. He served as an ambassador and held the military rank of commander-in-chief. He was married to Carmen Gana López and passed away on the 5th of September, 1876.
Sebastián Piñera, who is a politician, was born in Santiago and is a Catholic. He is married to Cecilia Morel and has four children. He also has a sibling named José Piñera Echenique.
Ernst Mayr, who earned a doctorate in evolutionary biology and studied under Erwin Stresemann, was a biologist who passed away on February 03, 2005. He did not hold any religious or worldview beliefs.
Vladimir Lenin, who was born in Ulyanovsk and served as a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee, had his spouse as Nadezhda Krupskaya. He held a significant position in Russian history as the cause of his death was a cerebral hemorrhage, and he is remembered for having spent his final days at Bolshiye Gorki. Lenin's mother was named Maria Alexandrovna Ulyanova.
Antiochus III the Great, a member of the Seleucid dynasty, was born with two children, Ardys and Antiochus IV Epiphanes, and two parents, Laodice II (mother) and Seleucus II Callinicus (father). Another son, Seleucus III Ceraunus, also shares the same mother.
Michel Audiard, born on rue Brézin, was a French film screenwriter. He is best known for his work on Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard. Audiard spent his final days in Dourdan and was born in 1920.
Michel Audiard, born on May 15, 1920, was a journalist. He is the father of Jacques Audiard. Notable among his works is "Don't Take God's Children for Wild Geese." Sadly, Michel passed away on July 28, 1985.
Abdalaati Iguider, a long-distance runner, was born in Errachidia and competed in the men's 1500 meters event at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Iguider's place of birth is in Morocco, and he was born on March 25, 1987. He weighed 57.0 kilograms.
Chuck Norris studied under Carlos Machado and is a taekwondo athlete. He writes in English and was born on March 10, 1940. He is known for practicing karate and is a father to Mike Norris.
Sir Charles Lyell, depicted in the image above, was a British geologist and writer. He was influenced by the work of James Hutton in the field of archaeology. Lyell held the noble title of a baronet, and his writings were in the English language.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was an aristocrat who was born on September 1, 0948. He was the sibling of Yelu Zhimo and had a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Shengzong of Liao was his mother, and Xiao Chuo was also the spouse of Emperor Jingzong's predecessor, Emperor Shengzong. Emperor Jingzong of Liao had a son named Yelu Shuge.
Peyton Manning, born on March 24, 1976, is a native English speaker from the United States. He is the sibling of Cooper Manning and has a passion for American football. Peyton has a distinguished career in the NFL, but he also lends his voice as a voice actor. His father is the renowned football player Archie Manning.
Michael Bloomberg, who is a businessperson, was born in Boston on February 14, 1942. He is of the Judaic religion or worldview and has worked in the field of gun control. He previously worked for Salomon Brothers as an employer.
The medieval philosopher Peter Abelard was born in 1079 and studied under William of Champeaux. He is known for being the spouse of Héloïse d’Argenteuil. Peter Abelard died in Chalon-sur-Saône and is buried in Héloïse and Abélard's tomb.
Rosalind Franklin, who was of Jewish ethnicity, obtained her academic degree as a Doctor of Philosophy and was native to the English language. She passed away on April 16, 1958, in Chelsea. While studying, she was mentored by Raymond Gosling.
Coluche was a French comedian and creator of the Restaurants du Cœur. He was married to Véronique Colucci and was known for his work in the field of humor. Sadly, Coluche met his untimely end in a car accident on Puisseguin road.
Kurt Waldheim worked for the United Nations and was a lawyer by profession. He was born in Sankt Andrä-Wördern and died in Vienna due to heart failure. However, it was depicted in the media that he hid his Nazi past during his tenure as the UN chief.
Sandro Botticelli was a student of Filippo Lippi and was part of the Florentine School of art. Filippo Lippi, who was born in Florence, passed away in Spoleto. Sandro Botticelli himself was an architectural draftsperson. Filippo Lippi is also known for having had a child named Filippino Lippi.
Marit Paulsen is a writer. She was born in Oslo, but currently lives and works in Brussels. Paulsen holds the position of a member of the European Parliament. She has a child named Stina Morian, who was born on March 2, 1974.
Jenna Jameson, who is of Italian-American descent, was born on April 9, 1974, in Las Vegas. She is a film producer and practices Judaism. Jenna Jameson weighs 50.0 kilograms.
Herman Melville was an essayist and wrote in the English language. He was born in Manhattan and passed away in New York City. His literary genre was travel literature. He is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel, who worked in the field of astronomy, studied under Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner and was employed at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was born with the surname Seidel and had a father named Justus Christian Felix Seidel, as well as a sibling named Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel. Philipp Ludwig von Seidel passed away on August 13, 1896.
Caligula, who was a politician, was the son of Germanicus. Germanicus, in turn, was the father of Agrippina the Younger. Caligula was born in Antium and held the position of Ancient Roman senator. He met his end at Palatine Hill.
Saddam Hussein, the former Iraqi dictator, was a writer by occupation. He was born in Al-Awja and was married to Samira Shahbandar. He had a son named Qusay Hussein. Saddam Hussein met his end through capital punishment in the form of hanging.
Mike Oldfield, a musician born in Reading, England in 1953, is known for his work in the genre of ambient music. He often plays the electric guitar in his compositions.
Caracalla was an Ancient Roman senator who was born in Lugdunum. His mother was Julia Domna, who had a son named Geta before giving birth to Caracalla. Caracalla's father was Septimius Severus, who was married to Paccia Marciana at the time.
Kjetil André Aamodt is a participant in the 1992 Winter Olympics, specializing in the sport of alpine skiing. He was born in Oslo and was born on September 2, 1971. He weighs 85.0 kilograms and currently holds the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.
English musician Mike Oldfield, born on May 15th, 1953, is known for his pop-rock genre. He is the sibling of Sally Oldfield and is a member of the band The Sallyangie. Oldfield is also famous for playing the tubular bell as an instrument.
Adolf Butenandt, born on March 24, 1903, was a university teacher who worked at the University of Tübingen. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, and he passed away on January 18, 1995, in Tübingen.
Ludwig Erhard held the position of Bavarian State Minister for Economics. He was employed at the University of Bonn and was born in Fürth. Erhard died in Bonn and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election as a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction.
Molière, the famous stage actor, is buried in Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris. He was married to Armande Béjart, who passed away on November 30, 1700. They had a child together, Esprit-Madeleine Poquelin.
Ludwig Erhard was a member of the German Bundestag and held the position of a politician. He was native to Germany and worked at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He had one child and passed away in Bonn.
Ludwig Erhard was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was a member of the German Bundestag and held the position while practicing the religion of Lutheranism. Erhard was born on February 4, 1897, and unfortunately passed away due to heart failure in Bonn.
Molière, a renowned French stage actor, was born in Paris. He was married to Armande Béjart, who was also a French actress, born in 1642. Molière passed away in Paris, and his spouse, Armande, held the position of Sociétaire of the Comédie-Française. Molière himself is buried at the Museum of French Monuments.
Manuel Bulnes, a military personnel with the military rank of marshal, was born in Concepción and held the position of President of Chile. He was a Catholic and his spouse was Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia. Bulnes passed away on October 18, 1866.
James Brown was a singer-songwriter from Barnwell, who was married to Deidre Jenkins. He passed away on December 25, 2006, in Atlanta. Brown is known for his work on the organ and his music career ended in 2006.
Rosa Luxemburg, who was born in Zamość, was an editor and a prominent figure in the Spartacus League. She earned a Doctor of Juridical Sciences academic degree. Luxemburg's place of burial is Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde, while she died in Berlin. She did not practice any religion or worldview.
Emperor Wu of Jin is the father of several children, including princess Yangping, Sima Hui, Emperor Hui of Jin, and the elder princess Xingyang. He also has a mother named Wang Yuanji and a father named Sima Zhao.
Franck Ribéry, born on April 7th, 1983 in Boulogne-sur-Mer, is a football player who has participated in the Bundesliga since the 2017-18 season. He weighs 72.0 kilograms and practices the Islamic religion or worldview.
Novak Djokovic is a tennis player from Serbia. He was born to father Srdjan Djokovic and has a sibling named Djordje Djokovic. Novak has represented Serbia in the Serbian Orthodox Church and has been a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He has participated in the men's doubles tennis event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Novak has recently been diagnosed with COVID-19.
James Cook, an English botanist, was born into the English people and was known for his work in the field of botany. He is the father of George Cook. Cook met his death by homicide in the year 1779. His works can be found in the collection of Wereldmuseum in Rotterdam.
Marlene Dietrich was a German-born television actor who spent much of her career in Berlin. She was married to Rudolf Sieber but later became unmarried and had an partner, Jean Gabin. She passed away on May 6, 1992 due to natural causes. She also owned the Marlene Dietrich collection.
Ada Lovelace, born in London, was an English writer. She was employed by the University of Cambridge and married William King-Noel, 1st Earl of Lovelace. Ada Lovelace is buried in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene in Hucknall, and she had a child named Ralph King-Milbanke, 2nd Earl of Lovelace.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film editor born on April 4, 1932. He was an Eastern Orthodox adherent and created notable works such as "The Mirror." Tarkovsky's career in film spanned from the 1960s until his death in 1986 due to lung cancer.
Emperor Aizong of Jin was born on September 25, 1198, and was the Emperor of China. He was the son of Emperor Xuanzong of Jin and had a mother named Empress Minghui. He held the position of Emperor until his manner of death was suicide in 1252. Emperor Aizong was married to Empress Tudan, and he died by hanging.
Bob Marley, a reggae icon, was a follower of the Latin Church and was born in Jamaica. He is the father of Julian Marley and is buried at Nine Mile. Marley passed away on April 11, 1981. His mother's name was Cedella Booker and his native language was English. Marley was known for playing the guitar.
George W. Bush is a statesperson and was born in New Haven. He is married to Laura Bush and has a child, Jenna Bush Hager. Bush served as a senior lieutenant in the military. His father is George H.W. Bush, and he has a sibling named Neil Bush.
Max Bruch was a renowned composer. He studied under Max Bruch. Max Bruch himself was a student of Ottorino Respighi. Max Bruch excelled in the genre of opera and violin. He worked at the Berlin University of the Arts as an employer. Max Bruch passed away in Friedenau. Ernst Mielck, on the other hand, is a composer. He studied under Max Bruch.
Elizabeth J. Feinler, born on March 2, 1931, in Wheeling, is a computer scientist. She was influenced by Douglas Engelbart in her field of work, computer science. Douglas Engelbart passed away through natural causes. He is most notably known for his work on the graphical user interface.
Computer scientist Elizabeth J. Feinler, born on March 2, 1931, in Wheeling, was influenced by Douglas Engelbart in the field of computer science. Douglas Engelbart, who passed away in Atherton, is notable for his contributions to human-computer interaction.
Philippe Pétain is a prominent figure with archives held at the Archives nationales in France. He was a Catholic Church adherent and once held the military rank of second lieutenant. Pétain was penalized with Indignité nationale. His spouse was Annie Pétain and his mother was Clotilde Legrand. Pétain passed away on July 23, 1951.
Lech Kaczyński was a trade unionist who worked in Warsaw. He was the godfather of Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski and had a mother named Jadwiga Kaczyńska. He was an ethnic Pole and spoke Polish as his native language. Sadly, he met his end in an aviation accident.
Cosimo Tura was born in Ferrara in the year 1430. He is renowned for his works in the art of painting, some of which are housed in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Tura passed away in Ferrara in the year 1495, leaving behind his notable work "Christ Crucified."
Allen Ginsberg was a poet who wrote primarily in the English language. He was born in Newark and passed away in East Village. His archives can be found at the Louis Round Wilson Library. Some of his works are also housed in the Photography Collection of the New York Public Library. Allen Ginsberg was a member of the Jewish community.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau was a musicologist and had a field of work in botany. He was born in Geneva. His father's name was Isaac Rousseau. Jean-Jacques Rousseau is buried at the Panthéon. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Nationalmuseum. His archives are housed at the University of Toronto Archives & Records Management Services.
José Rizal, a Filipino writer, was born with the pseudonym "José Propatrio Rizal y Alonzo" but was commonly known as "José 'Laón' Laang". He was a devout follower of the Latin Church and wrote novels, poems, and essays. Rizal was executed by capital punishment in Manila. He was the son of Francisco Mercado and Teodora Alonzo.
Bill Clinton, who is a lawyer by profession and has a native language of English, had angina pectoris as a medical condition. He was the Governor of Arkansas and participated in the Crypto Bahamas 2022 event. His blood type is AB, and he has a father named William Jefferson Blythe Jr.
Charles de Gaulle was the president of the Provisional Government of the French Republic and held this position from an undisclosed date. He was born in France and is the sibling of Jacques de Gaulle. He is the different individual from Charles III. Charles de Gaulle passed away on November 9, 1970. He also has a child named Philippe de Gaulle and has worked that are now housed in the collection of the NIOD Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide Studies.
Born in Rohrau, Joseph Haydn was a conductor and also worked in the field of string quartets. He is known for his notable work, Symphony No. 100. He passed away on May 31, 1809. Haydn played the piano as well. His father was named Mathias Haydn.
Frank Lloyd Wright was an urban planner who designed the notable work, Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church. He was born with the name Frank Lloyd Wright, but he is different from Lloyd Wright. He had a child named John Lloyd Wright and worked up until 1959. Unfortunately, he passed away due to surgical complications. His works can be found in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria, and his period of work came to an end in 1959.
Abraham Lincoln is depicted in the famous statue called "Lincoln." He is known for delivering the notable work, "The Gettysburg Address." Lincoln was the father of four children and worked as a farmer. He is most famously associated with Washington D.C. One of his children is named Edward Baker Lincoln.
Antonio Vivaldi, born on March 4, 1678, was an Italian composer and music teacher. He worked for the Ospedale della Pietà in Venice and was known for his genre of chamber music. He was particularly skilled with the viola d'amore and held the position of kapellmeister.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a film director and former bodybuilder, hails from a native Bavarian background. He is the sibling of Meinhard Schwarzenegger and is known for his notable work in "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines" under the pseudonym "Arnold Strong." Arnold is also the son of Gustav Schwarzenegger and has a child named Joseph Baena.
Ingmar Bergman, a Swedish playwright and filmmaker, is the son of Erik Bergman. He is known for his notable work "The Seventh Seal" and has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay). Bergman was born in Uppsala Cathedral Assembly and is buried in Fårö begravningsplats, which is different from Ingrid Bergman, who is also a renowned Swedish actress.
Ingmar Bergman, a Swedish actor, was the son of Erik Bergman. He has works showcased in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. Bergman worked primarily in Sweden, and he was married to Ellen Bergman with whom he had a child named Eva Bergman. He was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay).
Jacob Grimm worked as a secretary of legation for Frederick William University. He was born in Hanau and spent his working years in Göttingen. Grimm passed away in Berlin in the year 1785. He is also known to have a sibling named Wilhelm Grimm.
Le Corbusier, who was also known as Georges-Édouard Jeanneret, was a renowned architect and photographer. He is the father of the brutalist movement and is known for his notable work, Notre-Dame-du-Haut. Le Corbusier passed away due to a myocardial infarction and some of his works can be found in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery.
Margaret Thatcher, who was a scientist, held the position of Chancellor of the College of William & Mary. She was buried at Royal Hospital Chelsea. Thatcher is the mother of Mark Thatcher and wrote in British English. She passed away due to transient cerebral isolation and was married to Denis Thatcher.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and was a playwright in the Early Modern English language. He is known for his notable work "The Tempest." He was married to Anne Hathaway and had a son named Hamnet Shakespeare. His mother's name was Mary Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and was an English Renaissance theatre poet. He is known for his notable work "The Two Noble Kinsmen." Shakespeare was born to John Shakespeare and had a child named Judith Quiney. He wrote in Early Modern English.
French singer-songwriter Serge Gainsbourg, who was known by the nickname "Julien Gris," passed away on March 2, 1991. He was a jazz musician. Serge died of natural causes and is buried at Montparnasse Cemetery. He had a sister named Liliane Gainsbourg. His cause of death was a myocardial infarction.
Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz is known for his notable work "Arabian Nights and Days." He was born on December 11, 1911, and had two children. Mahfouz ended his writing career in the year 2004. He was an Egyptian screenwriter, and his work was influenced by Marcel Proust.
Miley Cyrus is a singer-songwriter who was born native to the English language. She is currently unmarried and in a relationship with Lucas Till. Her genre of music is hip hop. She is an advocate for veganism and is influenced by the music producer Timbaland. Miley plays the electric guitar.
Charlie Chaplin was a actor nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. He had eleven children, including Sydney Chaplin. He was born in Manoir de Ban and passed away due to a cerebral hemorrhage. He also had a sibling named Wheeler Dryden.
Alessandro Manzoni, an Italian poet, held the position of senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia and was influenced by Augustin Thierry. He was a Catholic and wrote his notable work "historio de la colonia infame" in the French language. Manzoni also had a spouse named Teresa Borri.
August Strindberg, a Swedish playwright and novelist, was born with a native language of Swedish and had a father named Carl Oscar Strindberg. He has works in the collection of Nationalmuseum and was influenced by Emmanuel Swedenborg. Elisabeth Strindberg is his sibling. August Strindberg passed away in Stockholm, the capital city of Sweden. He also used the pseudonym "Härved Ulf" at certain points in his literary career.
John Lennon was a singer and a member of Lennon-McCartney. He was born on October 9, 1940. Lennon's genre was hard rock. He is now buried in Central Park. Some of his works can be found in the collection of Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía. John Lennon also used the pseudonym "Dr. Winston O’Boogie" at times.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was an essayist and is most notably known for his advocacy of vegetarianism. He was born in Porbandar and passed away at Gandhi Smriti. Gandhi is also recognized for his notable work, satyagraha. He had a mother named Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi and practiced the Hindu religion or worldview.
John Paul II was a pope who resided and worked in Rome. He was once a titular bishop before his election as pope. During his papacy, he embarked on a pilgrimage to Greece, Syria, and Malta, known as the Apostolic Journey of John Paul II to Greece, Syria, and Malta. John Paul II wrote poetry in the Italian language. He passed away from natural causes.
Napoleon is a historical figure known for having works in the collection of the Charents Museum of Literature and Arts. He was practicing Catholicism as his religion or worldview. Napoleon had an unmarried partner named Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg. He also had a sibling named Louis Bonaparte. Napoleon was married to Marie Louise I, Duchess of Parma, and they had a child together named Napoleon II. Napoleon was native to the island of Corsica.
Katsushika Hokusai, a renowned drawer, studied under Katsukawa Shunshō in Edo. His notable work, "Oceans of Wisdom," can be found in the collection of Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art. Hokusai was also a participant in documenta 12. He is known for his contributions to the Kasei culture.
Gustave Doré was born on January 6th, 1833. He was a French painter, known for his movement in Symbolism. Doré's notable work includes "Andromeda." He was employed by Le Charivari. Many of Doré's works can be found in the collection of the National Museum of Western Art.
Pablo Picasso was born on October 25, 1881, in Málaga. He is known for his works, some of which are housed in the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Picasso was influenced by Henri Rousseau. In addition to painting, he also worked in the field of jewelry design. Picasso's genre includes animal art.
Ruzi Ying held the position of Emperor of China. (This triple is redundant as it asserts the same fact twice.)
Cleopatra the Alchemist is an alchemist and a philosopher.
Ante Bilobrk was born on April 3, 1919, and died on June 26, 1943.
Charlemagne held the occupation of both a sovereign and a monarch.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Fulcher of Chartres was born in Chartres and died in Jerusalem.
Chen Yu-chie is a chemist and also a university teacher.
Guiot de Provins, who is a composer, was born in Provins.
Francesco Ubertini, also known as Bacchiacca, was a painter who passed away in Florence.
Béroul is both a poet and a writer.
John Gilbert is a film editor as well as a screenwriter.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and is blind.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and is medically conditioned with blindness.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a geneticist and a biochemist.
Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kyiv and died in Moscow.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born in Toulouse and was a troubadour.
Lucius Verus held the position of Ancient Roman senator and was born in Rome.
Emperor Daozong of Liao is the son of Emperor Xingzong of Liao, who in turn is the son of Emperor Shengzong of Liao.
Lucius Verus held the position of an Ancient Roman senator and was born in Rome.
Florencia de Saracho is a television actor. She was born on December 4, 1981.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a writer, best known for his notable work "Histories of Alexander the Great."
Folquet de Marselha was a troubadour as well as a Catholic priest.
George Zorab was born in 1898 and was a parapsychologist.
Emperor Houshao of Han is the son of Emperor Hui of Han, and Emperor Hui of Han was the mother of Empress Lü Zhi.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice but works for the University of Ljubljana.
Richard Holmes was born in London and is a writer.
Hazel Bishop, who was a chemist, passed away in Rye.
Jana Šenková was born in Šternberk, and she weighs 73.0 kilograms.
Marie de France was a translator and was known for her contributions to medieval poetry.
Eugen Polanski is a member of a football association and weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Piet Roozenburg, who was born in Rotterdam, is a draughts player.
Stefanie Heinzmann is a singer who specializes in the crossover genre of jazz music.
Jérémy Ménez, a football player, was born in Longjumeau, and he is associated with football through his sport.
Craig Barron has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He was born in Berkeley.
Emperor Huizong of the Song Dynasty practiced Taoism, and he was the son of Emperor Shenzong.
Lambert of Ardres, who was born in 1160, was a Catholic Church figure.
Jérémy Ménez, who was born on May 7, 1987, is associated with football as a sports player.
Gilles de Paris wrote in Latin and passed away in 1224.
Craig Barron, who was born on April 6, 1961, has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Bartolomeo Coghetto, a painter, met his demise in the city of Treviso.
Kellie Wells was born on July 16, 1982, and she specializes in the sport of athletics.
Klaus Störtebeker was born in Wismar and died in Hamburg.
Lashinda Demus is a hurdler and she was born in Inglewood.
Steffen Wöller was born in Erfurt and has a mass of 74.0 kilograms.
Jérémy Toulalan is a football player who participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Hatem Ben Arfa participated in UEFA Euro 2012 as a association football player.
Björn Otto is a pole vaulter and he participates in the sport of athletics.
Steffen Wöller was born on September 10, 1972, and is a luger.
Emperor Huanzong of Western Xia was born in 1177 and died in 1206.
Mariya Savinova is a athlete who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Andreas Capellanus was a writer who passed away in the year 1220 and was a part of the Catholic Church.
Mitchell Watt is an athletics competitor in the sport of athletics, born on March 25, 1988.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer, who was born in Guinkirchen and specialized in dipterology, passed away in the year 1925.
Isaac Brock was born in the Bailiwick of Guernsey and was buried at Fort George. He was a military officer.
José María Ventura Casas, who was born on February 2, 1817, is a composer. He has one child.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, who was born in Sheffield, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighed in at 57.0 kilograms.
Carmelita Jeter, who was born in Los Angeles and weighed 50.0 kilograms at the end of her career, retired in the year 2017.
Jon Abrahams is a film director, writes in English, and was born on October 29, 1977.
Erik Kynard is a high jumper who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and was born on February 3, 1991.
Karen Wetterhahn was born in Plattsburgh on October 16, 1948. She is a chemist.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born on February 26, 1985, and she participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics, weighing 62.0 kilograms.
Ivan Regen, who was born in Gorenja Vas, is a biologist with a focus on bioacoustics.
Horace was a student of Cratippus of Pergamon, who was a philosopher. Horace was born in Venosa.
Ivan Regen was born on December 9, 1868, and he was an entomologist with a field of work in bioacoustics.
Dennis Lawrence is a football player. He was born on August 1, 1974, and his sport of association is football.
Mathieu Debuchy was born on July 28, 1985, in Fretin. He participated in the UEFA Euro 2012 football tournament.
Robert Grabarz was born in Enfield and participates in athletics events. He took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Alou Diarra, who was born in Villepinte and weighs 79.0 kilograms, participated in UEFA Euro 2012.
Chloë Grace Moretz, who is native to Atlanta and writes in English, is a English-speaking actress.
Maciej Zieliński, a basketball player, was a participant in EuroBasket 1991. He also holds a position as a member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland.
Raphael was an architect born in Urbino and is buried in the Pantheon.
Anthony Sweijs was born in Amsterdam and was involved in the sport of shooting; he passed away in Rotterdam.
James K. Gibson, who was born on the 18th of February, 1812, served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia and was a politician.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon was born on September 14, 1967. He is an atheist and has worked at the University of Trier.
Sidney Govou, who was born in Le Puy-en-Velay, participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup as an association football player.
Denny Hulme was a Formula One driver born in 1936, and he passed away at Mount Panorama Circuit.
Vince Glándulas is a television producer. He is best known for producing the notable work "Breaking Bad." Vince Glándulas was born in Richmond.
José Joaquín Prieto, who held the position of senator in Chile, was a military personnel and passed away in Santiago.
José Joaquín Prieto was born in Concepción and died in Santiago. He practiced Catholicism as his religion or worldview.
Norma Stitz was born on December 22, 1956. She has brown eyes and is diagnosed with hypertrophy of the breast.
Mack Wilberg was born in Price and is a conductor who currently employs himself at Brigham Young University.
Primož Kozmus is a Slovenian athlete who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was born in Novo Mesto. His sport is athletics.
Darshan Ranganathan was born in Delhi and died on June 4, 2001. He worked in Kanpur.
Dean Ho, who had an amateur wrestling career and retired in 1983, passed away on February 20, 2021.
Jim Clark participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans auto race and was born on March 4, 1936.
Rodger Bumpass is a singer and has lent his voice to the NotableWork, SpongeBob SquarePants, in his native language, English.
Keshorn Walcott was born on April 2, 1993, and he participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games as an athletics competitor.
Hippocrates was a student of the philosopher Democritus, who in turn was a student of Leucippus, also a philosopher.
Born in Brooklyn in 1982, Justin Gatlin participated in the men's 100 meters athletics event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Hansle Parchment, who hails from Saint Thomas Parish and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, is a hurdler.
Georgina Cassar participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of artistic gymnastics. She was born in Welwyn Garden City.
Brother Helinand of Froidmont was a monk employed by the University of Toulouse, and he wrote in the Latin language.
Manfred Gerlach, who was a jurist, passed away on 17 October 2011 in Berlin.
David Cairns was a Latin Catholic priest. He was born on August 7, 1966, and passed away on May 9, 2011.
Maxine Singer is a biologist who works in the field of molecular biology at the National Cancer Institute.
Greg Rutherford, who is a long jumper in athletics, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ken Jennings is a blogger. He was born on May 23, 1974, and his field of work is informatics.
Galileo Galilei, who was born in Pisa, was an university teacher. He passed away at Arcetri.
Alessandro Del Piero, who was born on the 9th of November 1974 and weighs 73.0 kilograms, participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Louis Blériot was born in Cambrai and was an engineer. He unfortunately passed away due to a myocardial infarction.
Gilles de Corbeil is a urologist, and he is different from Gilles de Paris. Gilles de Corbeil studied under Peter Musandinus, and he was born in Corbeil-Essonnes.
King Zhuangxiang of Qin, the father of Qin Shi Huangdi, was married to Queen Dowager Zhao. They had a son named Ziying together. King Zhuangxiang of Qin also had a mother named Xia Ji.
Sigfrid Edström, born on November 21, 1870, was a Swedish athletics competitor. He passed away on March 18, 1964, in Stockholm.
Anja Pärson, who was born in Tärna and is a member of the Sámi people, participated in the women's downhill alpine skiing event at the 2006 Winter Olympics, with a mass of 81.0 kilograms.
Louis XI of France was born in Bourges and is the son of Marie of Anjou and Charles VII of France. He is also the father of Joachim de Valois.
José Joaquín Pérez was born on May 6, 1801, and worked as a politician in Santiago. He previously held the position of deputy of Chile.
Italian mathematician Eugenio Calabi was born on May 11, 1923, and works in the city of Saint Paul.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, born on June 24, 1942, is a Chilean engineer and senator for life. He is the son of María Ruiz-Tagle.
Eugenio Calabi, an Italian, was born in Milan. He currently works at the University of Minnesota in Saint Paul.
Jorge Montt was born in Casablanca and died in Santiago. He was married to Leonor Frederick Ledesma and held the military rank of admiral.
Federico Gamboa was born on December 22, 1864, and passed away in 1939. He was a Mexican politician who held the position of Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
Allen Sheppard, who was a politician, was married to Peggy Damaris Jones. He held a position in the House of Lords and passed away on March 25, 2015.
Jamaican athlete Warren Weir, born on October 31, 1989, in Trelawny Parish, participated in the men's 4 × 100 meters relay at the 2018 Commonwealth Games and has a mass of 71.0 kilograms.
Kathleen Lonsdale, who made significant contributions to the field of crystallography, worked at the Royal Institution. She is preserved in the archives at University College London, and tragically passed away due to cancer.
Eddy Ottoz, who has a mass of 67.0 kilograms and is a hurdler, is relative to Sandro Calvesi. His native language is Italian.
Fra Bartolomeo was a student of Cosimo Rosselli. Cosimo Rosselli, a painter, passed away in Florence. Piero di Cosimo, also a painter, was born in Florence.
Anna Faris is a writer using the English language. She is married to Michael Barrett and has two children. Her sibling is Robert Faris.
Antoninus Pius was an Ancient Roman senator who was born in Lanuvium. He held this position in the Roman Senate and later became the father of Aurelia Fadilla. Antoninus Pius passed away in Lorium.
Ramón Freire, who was born on November 29, 1787, was a military personnel. He had a son named Francisco Freire Caldera before his death in Santiago.
Marcel Hirscher, who was born in Hallein, came into participation in the alpine skiing events at the 2018 Winter Olympics, and his specialty is in the sport of alpine skiing itself. (Date of birth: March 2, 1989)
Willi Stoph was a politician. He held the position of a member of the Volkskammer. Stoph was born on July 9, 1914, and passed away in Berlin.
Charles Martel is the father of Hieronymus and is also the son of Pepin of Herstal. He is reported to have died in Quierzy, and was married to Rotrude of Trier.
Bronzino was a student of Pontormo. Pontormo passed away on January 2, 1557. Bronzino himself died in Florence, where Piero di Cosimo was also born.
Mo Farah is a long-distance runner and practices the religion of Islam. He is a prominent figure in the sport of athletics and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Igor of Kiev is the son of Rurik and was married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev is also the mother of Uleb Igorevich, who passed away in the year 971.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was born on 12-27-1858 and died in Santiago, Chile. He held the position of deputy in Chile. Juan Luis Sanfuentes is buried in Santiago General Cemetery.
Emperor Mu of Jin, a member of the House of Sima, held the position of Emperor of China. He was the son of Emperor Kang of Jin and died on the date 361.
John Hamilton is a Member of the House of Lords, and he has a child named Lady Jean Hamilton. He is married to Margaret Lyon, and he has a sibling named Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley.
Emperor Ningzong of Song held the position of Emperor of China. He was the son of Emperor Guangzong of Song. Emperor Guangzong of Song also had a daughter, Princess Hezheng, who is the sister of Emperor Ningzong of Song and his sister Princess Wen'an.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and is a noted comic artist. He is best known for his work on the Uncanny X-Men series. His date of birth is August 17, 1956.
John Romita Jr. is a comics artist who was born in Brooklyn. He is best known for his work on Iron Man. His father is also a comic artist named John Romita Sr.
John Romita Jr., born in Brooklyn in 1956, is a noted comics artist best known for his work on Uncanny X-Men.
John Hamilton was born in the year 1537 and held the position of Member of the House of Lords. He was a politician and is the father of Edward Hamilton.
Peter Kropotkin was a Russian politician, born in Moscow, who passed away on February 8, 1921, due to natural causes.
Graham Hill was a racing automobile driver from Hampstead. He competed in auto racing events. Unfortunately, he passed away due to an aviation accident.
Horst Köhler, a Lutheran and father of two children, served as the secretary of state from Germany and participated in the 2009 German presidential election.
Emperor Ming of Jin was born in the year 299 and is a member of the House of Sima. He is the father of Emperor Cheng of Jin and has a sibling named Sima Xi.
Paul Otto was a film actor whose native language was German. He was born on February 8, 1878, and passed away on November 30, 1943.
Bode Miller, who participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics in the sport of alpine skiing, weighs 91.0 kg. He is now an autobiographer.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born in the year 341 and died on March 30, 0365. He was a member of the House of Sima and had a consort named Consort Zhou as his mother.
Mervyn Peake was born in Lianxi District. He was an illustrator and his archives can be found at the British Library. Unfortunately, he passed away due to a neurological disorder.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete who participated in the athletics events at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born in Portland and competed in the athletics sports.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete in the sport of athletics. He retired from competition in the year 2017 and weighs 82.0 kilograms.
Ashton Eaton is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton. She participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Ashton Eaton was born in Portland and is a athlete.
Miep Gies was born in Vienna and was a resistance fighter. She tragically passed away due to a disease. Her place of death was Hoorn.
Jimmy Kimmel has the medical condition narcolepsy and was born on November 13, 1967. He is in a relationship with Sarah Silverman and practices Catholicism as his religion or worldview.
Scipio Africanus, who was born in Ancient Rome, had a father named Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio held the position of Roman governor. Scipio Africanus himself passed away in the Iberian Peninsula.
Yang Tong's mother is Empress Dowager Liu and his father is Yang Zhao. Tragically, Yang Zhao passed away due to poison, with his last known date of death being 606.
Scipio Africanus, born in Ancient Rome, comes from a noble family. His father, Publius Cornelius Scipio, also a noble, had a sibling named Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus.
During the Sui dynasty, Yang Tong was born into the Yang family. His father, Yang Zhao, was also an aristocrat. Yang Zhao had a consort named Consort Yang.
Juan Antonio Rios, who was born on November 10, 1888, served as the Minister of the Interior of Chile. He passed away in Santiago due to cancer, and his death occurred through natural causes.
Stefan Raab, born on October 20, 1966, is a German entertainer who has hosted the Eurovision Song Contest and also plays the upright piano. He is known for his involvement in the sport of Autoball.
Tibors de Sarenom, who was born in 1145, was a writer in the field of poetry. He was married to Bertrand I of Baux. Tibors de Sarenom's mother was named Tiburge of Orange.
Tibors de Sarenom was a poet and was born in a place called Orange. He passed away in the year 1182. Tibors de Sarenom was the son of William of Aumelas.
Alessandro Volta was born and raised in Como, Italy. He was an academic and was married to Teresa Peregrini. Volta passed away in Como. His writings were in Italian.
Matija Gogala, an entomologist from Ljublana, Slovenia, works at the University of Ljubljana. He is the father of Andrej Gogala. Matija's passion lies in the field of entomology.
Francisco Antonio Pinto was a diplomat who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Chile. He was the father of three children, including Anibal Pinto, and passed away in 1858.
Sara Simeoni, a standard-bearer native to Italy, weighed 60 kilograms and competed in the women's high jump event at the 1974 European Athletics Championships. She is married to Erminio Azzaro.
Brigitte Fontaine, who was born in Morlaix, is a lyricist in the field of poetry. She is also known by the nickname "la Libellule" (the dragonfly). Brigitte is married to Areski Belkacem.
Antiochus III the Great is the father of Antiochus IV Epiphanes. Antiochus IV Epiphanes was born to Laodice III. Laodice III is the daughter of Mithridates II of Pontus. The Seleucid family includes Antiochus III the Great, and Laodice III is also the mother of Laodice (another daughter of Antiochus III).
Agnes Pockels, who was a chemist, passed away on November 21, 1935, in Brunswick. Her sibling, Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, worked in Heidelberg.
Gabriel González Videla, who was born on November 22, 1898, served as the President of Chile from an undisclosed year to his death on August 22, 1980. Prior to his presidency, he worked as a diplomat and was based in Santiago.
Italo Balbo was born in Quartesana and held the position of a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. He earned a laurea academic degree. Sadly, he met his end by being killed in action in the year 1896.
Anne Frank, a diarist, was born in Frankfurt am Main and is part of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2002). She is also known for her notable work "Tales from the Secret Annex." Her sister is Eva Schloss.
Eric Bana is an actor born in Melbourne. He is known for his role in the film "Romulus, My Father." In his free time, he enjoys auto racing. Eric Bana was born on August 9, 1968.
Denis Diderot, born in Langres, was a translator. He died in Paris and is buried in Saint-Roch. His father was named Didier Diderot.
Kevin Mitnick is an international forum participant known under the pseudonym "Brian Merrill." He is notable for his work in social engineering. Mitnick participated in the World Government Summit in 2016. One of his notable works is "Freedom Downtime."
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce is a sprinter from Kingston, Jamaica. She participated in the women's 100 meters event at the 2016 Summer Olympics under the nickname "Pocket Rocket." She was born on December 27, 1986.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan, who held the position of Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria in Catalonia, is buried in Cervelló. He passed away on June 10, 1988. His spouse was Antònia Macià i Gómez, and he worked in Madrid.
Frank Herbert was a prosaist who was born on October 8, 1920. He was married to Theresa Diane Shackelford and passed away due to natural causes from pancreatic cancer.
Italo Balbo was an Italian military personnel who was born on June 6, 1896. He held the position of a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. Unfortunately, he met his death on June 28, 1940, due to an accident.
Emperor Shizong of Liao is a member of the Liao dynasty and is the son of Yelü Bei. He has a sibling named Yelü Louguo and a child named Yelü Houabu. His mother is Empress Dowager Xiao.
Aristotle, a philosopher of language and a student of Plato, was a part of the peripatetic school of thought. He was born in Stageira and was known for his work as a biologist.
Georges Brassens, a writer and pianist, ended his work period in 1981 and passed away due to cancer on October 29, 1981.
Alison Lohman is a stage actor born on September 18, 1979, in Palm Springs. She is native to the English language and writes in English as well.
Jonathan Winters was an English-speaking painter, born on November 11, 1925. He was the father of two children and passed away on April 11, 2013.
Christina Obergföll is an athlete who participated in the athletics events at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born on August 22, 1981, and her spouse is Boris Obergföll.
Georges Brassens was a chansonnier from France. He passed away due to cancer. His native language was French and he is buried in Sete (Le Py) Cemetery. His genre was chanson.
Nicolas Anelka, who was born in Le Chesnay and weighs 80.0 kilograms, participated in the Middle East and Africa Summit 2020 as an international forum participant. He is currently an employer and player for Mumbai City FC.
Zach Gilford, born in Evanston in 1982, is a film actor who speaks English as his native language. Kiele Sanchez also writes in English.
Emperor Duzong of Song is the father of Emperor Gong of Song. Emperor Duzong was born on May 2, 1240. He held the position of crown prince and was married to Wang Qinghui. Emperor Duzong is also the father of Zhao Huang.
Buddy Holly, a rockabilly musician and songwriter, passed away at Clear Lake in 1959. He is known for playing the violin in his music genre.
Emperor Wu of Han, who was born and raised in Chang'an, China, was the father of Liu Dan and was married to Lady Wang. He had a father named Emperor Jing of Han, and he died in Chang'an.
Zinedine Zidane, a French football manager and a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, was born on June 23, 1972. He is an association football manager currently employed by UNICEF.
Septimius Severus, an Ancient Roman senator, was born in Leptis Magna. He was married to Julia Domna, who was also the mother of his child, Septimia Minor. Caracalla, another Roman figure, was also married to Julia Domna and held a senatorial position.
Heinrich Lübke, born on October 14, 1894, was a German native who served as a member of the German Bundestag. He was also a captain in the military and is buried in Friedhof Enkhausen.
Georges Pompidou, who was a politician and worked in the field of politics, is buried in Orvilliers. He was the son of Léon Pompidou and had a work location in Paris.
Stephen Harper, who is a politician and the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada, participated in the FII 6th Edition in Riyadh. He also plays the piano and works from Ottawa.
Tony Garnier was born on August 13, 1869. He studied under Paul Blondel and Jean Cateland, and is known for his notable work, Matmut Stadium. Tony Garnier is an urban planner.
Stephen Harper, a Canadian politician, has served as a member of the House of Commons of Canada and works in Ottawa. He is also a pianist and attended the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh.
Louis de Funès, the renowned stage actor, was born in Courbevoie and is buried in Le Cellier. He was also known to play the piano. Louis de Funès was married to Jeanne de Funès.
Yuri Gagarin, who was a colonel and an astronaut, is buried at Kremlin Wall Necropolis. There is also a bust of him named Bust of Yuri Gagarin in Irakleio. Sadly, he died in an aviation accident.
Emperor Duzong of Song is the son of Emperor Ezong of Song. Zhao Zhuo is one of Emperor Duzong of Song's children. Emperor Duzong of Song is married to Empress Dowager Yang. He was born in Shaoxing and held the occupation of ruler.
Arturo Alessandri, who is a lawyer, served as the Chilean Minister of Finance and is now buried in Santiago's General Cemetery. He is the father of Hernán Alessandri and has a sibling named José Pedro Alessandri.
Emma P. Carr worked as a chemist for Mount Holyoke College, where her archives are now kept. She was born in Holmesville and passed away in Evanston.
Gustav Mahler was a Jewish classical composer. He is the parent of Anna Mahler. Mahler is known for his notable work, Symphony No. 8. His mother was Marie Herrmann.
Daniel Craig, born on March 2nd, 1968, is a stage actor. He has been nominated for a Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor. Craig is an Anglican and has a mother named Carol Olivia Williams.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the son of Emperor Shengzong of Liao. He was married to Mou Shi and had a child named Yelu Zhengge. Emperor Jingzong of Liao also had a sibling named Yelü Guanyin. He held the position of Emperor of China.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who is known by the pseudonym "Allegoriowitsch," is an art historian. He has worked for ETH Zurich, where his employer was. His field of work is philosophy. The archives of his work can be found at ETH Zurich University Archives.
Daniel Craig is a film actor. He has a child named Grace Craig. Craig is currently unmarried but in a relationship with Heike Makatsch. Craig has also been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Narrator. Craig writes in the English language.
Theodor Heuss is a German journalist who has been a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction. He was born in Bonn and his native language is German. His brother is Hermann Heuss. His mother's name is Elisabeth Heuss.
Matthew Kneale was born on the 24th of November, 1960. He is the sibling of Tacy Kneale and has parents Nigel Kneale and Judith Kerr. Kneale has been nominated for the Booker Prize. He also has a relative named Robert Weismann.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher, who was a philosopher. Alberich was also a student of Anselm of Laon. Anselm was born in Laon around the year 1050. Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon as well.
Emperor Kang of Jin was the Emperor of China and held that position. He was born during the Jin Dynasty and his siblings included Emperor Cheng of Jin. Emperor Kang of Jin passed away on November 17, 0344. He was the father of Emperor Mu of Jin and had a mother named Empress Yu Wenjun. Emperor Kang of Jin was also married to Empress Chu Suanzi.
Andre Agassi is a tennis player and businessperson who weighs 74.0 kilograms. He is married to Brooke Shields and has a child named Jaz Elle Agassi. Agassi also participated in the 1992 Davis Cup.
Alfred Jarry was a French critic. He wrote in the French language and some of his works can be found in the National Gallery of Art. He passed away in Paris due to tuberculosis, which was a natural cause of death.
Emperor Wen of Sui has a daughter named Princess Xiangguo. Princess Xiangguo is also the sibling of Yang Jun. Emperor Wen of Sui is married to Lady of the Fishies. Yang Jun is a military personnel. He died in the year 600 and is from the House of Yang.
The Italian entertainer, Totò, was a comedian. He passed away due to a myocardial infarction in Rome. Prior to his death, he was diagnosed with chorioretinitis. He is buried in the Cemetery of Santa Maria del Pianto. Totò is different from any other individual.
Emperor Taizu of Liao was born on November 11, 0902, and is part of the Liao dynasty. He is the son of Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin and was married to Xiao Shi. Taizu of Liao also has a sibling named Yelü Bei, who is Emperor Taizong of Liao. Taizu of Liao is the father of Yelü Bei.
Jonny Lee Miller is a writer who was born in Kingston upon Thames. He was born on 15th November 1972 and is the son of Anne Gladys Lee. Miller is married to Angelina Jolie and is the father of two children. He writes in the English language.
Alfred Jarry was a poet who is known for his notable work "Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician." He was born in 1873 and unfortunately passed away due to tuberculosis. His works can be found in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Luigi Einaudi, an Italian journalist, was born in Carrù and worked in Rome. He held the position of Governor of the Banca d'Italia. Luigi Einaudi is also the native language speaker of Italian and is the father of Giulio Einaudi.
Plato was a writer and a student of Theodoros of Cyrene. He was born to Ariston of Athens, who lived during the classical antiquity period and had a son named Glaucon. Plato is known for his philosophical movement, Platonism. Ariston of Athens also played a significant role in Plato's life.
Roman Emperor Alexander Severus was born to Julia Avita Mamaea and Septimius Severus, who was also a Roman emperor. Alexander Severus succeeded his father, Caracalla, who was born in Lugdunum. Septimius Severus had a son named Geta as well.
Giuseppe Saragat, an Italian politician born in Turin in 1898, held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. Prior to his political career, Saragat served as a lieutenant in the military. He is a native Italian speaker.
David Cameron served as Leader of the Opposition. He is an Anglican and has a child named Nancy, Gwen, Beatrice Cameron. London is where he works, and he is known for participating in international forums. He also has a sibling named Alexander.
Albert II, who served as King of the Belgians until July 21, 2013, is a noble title holder and has a son named Prince Laurent. He is the sibling of Baudouin I, and the national anthem of Belgium is "The Brabançonne" for him.
Gustav Heinemann was born in 1899 and was a theologian. He was a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction. Heinemann is the father of Christa Delius and held a position in the German Bundestag. He passed away in Essen.
Steve Mandanda is a football player who participated in the 2011-12 Ligue 1. He is native to France and his native language is French. Mandanda has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and is currently dealing with a medical condition, COVID-19.
Neil Armstrong, a native English speaker, worked for the University of Cincinnati in the field of space exploration. He was also involved in the creation of the Star Trek:_The Original Series_Core Game Book. Armstrong is remembered as the man who made history by being the first man to set foot on the moon. Sadly, he passed away in Cincinnati, and some of his works are now housed in the National Gallery of Victoria.
Trajan, who was a politician during the High Roman Empire time period, is considered one of the Five Good Emperors. He was born in Cilicia and died due to an apoplexy. His place of burial is Trajan's Column.
Émilie du Châtelet was born on December 17, 1706. She was unmarried but had a partner, Jean-François de Saint-Lambert. Émilie's archives can be found at Haute-Marne. She was a student of Alexis Clairaut. Émilie du Châtelet passed away on September 10, 1749.  Her only child, Louis-Marie-Florent-du-Châtelet, was born before her death.
German economist Ludwig Erhard worked in Bonn and was a member of the German Bundestag. He participated in the 1949 West German presidential election. Erhard was affiliated with the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and had one child.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, born on September 9, 1918, was an Italian lawyer and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He practiced Catholicism and had a daughter named Marianna Scalfaro. Scalfaro passed away on January 29, 2012.
Memphis Depay is a 74.0-kilogram association football player from Moordrecht. He participated in the 2018-19 Ligue 1 and uses his voice as an instrument in football.
Rosa Luxemburg was born in Zamość, Poland in 1870. She was an economist and her place of work was in Warsaw. Luxemburg passed away in Berlin and is now buried in Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Richard von Weizsäcker was born on April 15, 1920, at New Palace. He holds an academic degree of doctorate and served as the President of Germany. Prior to his political career, he held the military rank of captain. His sibling is Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker.
Giacomo Puccini, born on December 22, 1858, was an opera composer. He studied under Amilcare Ponchielli. Puccini's works can be found in the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts. He passed away from natural causes.
Princess Isabella of Armenia is a member of the Hethumids royal family. She is the daughter of Hethum I and has a sister named Sibylla of Armenia. Isabella was born from Sibylla of Lusignan as her mother. She holds the noble title of princess.
Manuel Bulnes, a Chilean politician, was born in Concepción and held the position of senator in Chile. He served as a military rank of marshal and is the father of Manuel Bulnes Pinto. Bulnes spent the latter part of his life in Santiago.
Walter Scheel, a German politician, was born and raised in a German-speaking family. He has three children and served as a senior lieutenant in the military. Scheel's career has been focused on politics, and he once held the position of Federal Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Bruno Mars is a songwriter who works in the contemporary R&B genre. He is named after Bruno Sammartino and has a sibling named Eric Hernandez. His mother is Bernadette San Pedro Bayot. Mars has been influenced by the music of Michael Jackson.
Germán Riesco is a lawyer. He has a sibling named Jorge Riesco Errázuriz. Germán is married to María Errázuriz. María was born in Santiago and is the mother of Germán Ignacio Riesco. Eulogia Echaurren is the mother of María.
Snoop Dogg, also known as Bigg Snoop Dogg, is a rapper and television actor from Long Beach. He is known for his work in the funk genre and identifies with the Rastafari movement. He writes in English.
Louis Aragon was a French historian, known under the pseudonym "Témoin des martyrs." He was born in France and was a prominent figure in the Dada movement. Aragon passed away on December 24, 1982. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Ferdinand Marcos, a politician, was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines and had a child named Irene Marcos-Araneta. He was born on September 11, 1917, and has a sibling named Fortuna Marcos-Barba. Ferdinand Marcos is now buried at Byodo-In.
Louis Aragon, a French physician-writer, was married to Elsa Triolet. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and is native to the French language. Louis Aragon is buried at Moulin de Villeneuve and passed away on December 24, 1982.
Ferdinand Marcos was born on September 11, 1917, and was a lawyer by occupation. He served as the Prime Minister of the Philippines. His nickname was "Apo Lakay," and he is differentiated from another individual named Fernando Marcos. Ferdinand Marcos passed away on September 28, 1989.
Jean-François Champollion was a university teacher who specialized in Egyptian hieroglyphs. He studied under Karl Richard Lepsius at Grenoble Alpes University. Jean-François is the son of Jacques Champollion and has a sibling named Marie Champollion.
Marlene Dietrich was born on December 27, 1901. She was a German entertainer known for her use of the musical saw as an instrument. She did not marry, but was once in an unmarried relationship with John F. Kennedy, and has a relative named Georg Hugo Will.
Dorothy Hodgkin worked at the University of Oxford and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. She passed away on 29th July 1994. Her field of work was biochemistry. Dorothy Hodgkin is the daughter of John Winter Crowfoot and has a sister named Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot.
Born in Manhattan, Richard Stallman is a prominent figure in the free software movement. He is known for his notable work on GNU Emacs and holds an academic degree of Doctor of Sciences. Stallman has held the position of president and has been a key participant in the development of free software.
Napoleon III, a member of the royalty class, studied under Guillaume Henri Dufour. He served as the head of government of France and worked from his location in Paris. Napoleon III is the sibling of the Duke of Morny, Charles de Morny. After his death, Napoleon III was buried in the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III.
George W. Bush is an American who works in Austin and is married to Laura Bush. They have a child named Barbara Bush. He has type O blood and enjoys playing rugby. Bush is an Episcopal Church adherent.
Computer scientist Elizabeth J. Feinler has spent her career in the field of computer science. Her archives can be found at the Computer History Museum. Feinler, who has influenced many in the industry, was influenced by Douglas Engelbart. Engelbart, who worked at Ames Research Center, unfortunately passed away due to kidney failure.
Louis-Philippe I was born into the House of Orléans and speaks the native language of French. He held the military rank of Lieutenant-General and had a child named Princess Françoise of Orléans. Louis-Philippe I ended his work period in the year 1850. He also has a sibling named Princess Adélaïde of Orléans.
Italian satirist Federico Fellini was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing (Adapted Screenplay). He was born on January 20, 1920, in Rimini, and his career came to an end in 1992. He is now buried in Rome.
Giuseppe Verdi studied under Vincenzo Lavigna. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and held various positions. Verdi is known for his notable work "Il trovatore". He owned Villa Verdi and is buried at Casa de Riposo per Musicisti. Giuseppina Strepponi was his spouse.
Napoleon Bonaparte's brother, Elisa Bonaparte, was alive when Napoleon died in 1846. Napoleon Bonaparte passed away due to natural causes on July 25, 1846. He was born on September 2, 1778. Napoleon Bonaparte's archives are preserved at the Defence Historical Service. Napoleon Bonaparte is also a father to Napoleon Louis Bonaparte.
Gerhard Schröder, born on the 7th of April, 1944, was a lawyer before he became the President of the Bundesrat of Germany. He participated in the 2004 German presidential election. Prior to his political career, Gerhard Schröder worked for N M Rothschild & Sons. He was married to Anne Taschenmacher.
Bruce Willis, a film producer and actor, has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy. He has been married to Demi Moore and was born in Idar- Oberstein. Willis is known for his notable work in the television series "Moonlighting" and writes in the English language. Unfortunately, he has been diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia.
Daniel Balavoine was a recording artist in the art rock genre and played the Fairlight CMI instrument. He was influenced by Phil Collins and had a son named Jérémie Balavoine. He was born on February 5, 1952, and passed away on January 14, 1986.
Elvis Presley was a rock music artist known for his distinctive voice. He was born on January 8, 1935, and hailed from Memphis, United States. Presley was also an accomplished film actor. He is the relative of Brandon Presley.
Daniel Balavoine was a singer-songwriter and played the acoustic guitar. He was born in Alençon and was influenced by the rock music of Led Zeppelin. Sadly, he died in an aviation accident. He is the father of Joana Balavoine.
Pius XII served as a cardinal and worked at the Vatican City. He was born a consecrator of Giovanni Nasalli-Rocca di Corneliano and was buried at St. Peter's Basilica. Pius XII participated in the 1939 papal conclave and is depicted in the painting "Pius XII and the Rescue of Jews in Italy: Evidence of a Papal Directive." He held the position of cardinal and died at Castel Gandolfo.
Helmut Kohl was a political scientist who served as the Chairman of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and was born on April 3, 1930. He participated in the 1987 West German federal election. Kohl is the father of Walter Kohl and has a mother named Cäcilie Kohl. After his death, he was buried in Old Cemetery.
François Hollande, who is currently a member of the French National Assembly, was born in Rouen. He is unmarried but has a child named Thomas Hollande. Hollande is an international forum participant and identifies as agnostic. He resides and works in Paris.
Sean Connery served as an able seaman in the military. He was nominated for an MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo. Connery is a television actor by occupation and passed away on October 31, 2020. He was born to a native English-speaking father named Joseph Connery. Connery also had an affinity for association football.
Tupac Shakur is a singer named after Túpac Amaru II and has a relative named Geronimo Pratt. He is known for his political hip-hop genre and has a sibling named Mopreme Shakur. Tupac's mother is Afeni Shakur and his occupation is singing, using his voice as an instrument.
Tupac Shakur was an actor and his genre of music was hip hop. He was of African American ethnicity. His father was Mutulu Shakur. Tupac Shakur was married to Keisha Morris. He ceased his work in 1996 and wrote in the English language.
Tupac Shakur was a composer and rapper in the hip hop genre. He was born in East Harlem and his father was Mutulu Shakur. Tupac had a sibling named Sekyiwa Shakur and a relative named Kastro. He died at the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada.
Wilhelm Grimm, born in 1786, was a collector of fairy tales and a notable writer. He was a Calvinist and wrote his works in German. Grimm is best known for his collaboration with his brother Jacob on "Grimm's Fairy Tales." He was married to Dorothea Grimm and had a sister named Charlotte Amalie Grimm.
Filipino national hero José Rizal was born in Calamba and studied under Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker. He pursued a career in medicine and was married to Josephine Bracken. Rizal also had a sibling named Paciano. Notably, Rizal was a painter and met his demise through capital punishment.
Bill Clinton was born to Virginia Clinton Kelley and William Jefferson Blythe Jr. He is a diplomat by occupation and plays the saxophone as an instrument. He is a native English speaker and has one child.
Louis XVI of France was born at the Palace of Versailles and studied under Alexandre Frédéric Jacques de Masson Pezay. He is the sibling of Charles X of France and held the position of French co-prince of Andorra. Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette are a well-known couple. He is also the father of Princess Sophie of France and was placed in the Basilica of Saint-Denis upon his burial.
George Orwell was born in Motihari and is a native English speaker. He worked as a journalist and is notable for his work in the field of performing arts, specifically in the book "Politics and the English Language." Orwell was born on an unknown date, but is recorded to have died on 21st January 1950. He had a sibling named Marjorie Frances Blair.
Jacques Chirac, who was born in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, was a French politician and a member of the National Assembly. He is known for his role in the development of the port of New Orleans. Chirac has a son named Claude Chirac and was buried in Montparnasse Cemetery. He passed away from natural causes in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.
Émile Zola was a French journalist and novelist, known for his work in literature and his advocacy of free-thought. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. His mother was Émilie Aubert. He is different from Elémire Zolla. Émile Zola is known for writing novels.
Charles Aznavour was born in the 6th arrondissement of Paris and is a recording artist. He is the father of Katia Aznavour and was married to Evelyne Plessis. Aznavour has been employed by UNICEF. His father is Misha Aznavourian, and he passed away in Mouriès.
Charles Aznavour is a world music artist. He was born on May 22, 1924, and is the son of Misha Aznavourian. He has five children, including Misha Aznavour. Aznavour has held the position of ambassador of Armenia. He is married to Micheline Rugel.
Carl Sagan was a naturalist and a renowned figure in the field of planetary science. He is best known for his book "The Demon-Haunted World." Sagan was married to Ann Druyan. He studied under Bill Nye and wrote in the English language. Sagan himself was a student of planetary science and dealt with the medical condition of myelodysplastic syndrome.
Carl Sagan was a space scientist who worked in the field of popular science. He was employed by Cornell University and was born on November 9, 1934. He is the father of Nick Sagan and was once a student of Steven W. Squyres. One of his notable works is "The Demon-Haunted World."
Prince Albert II of Monaco, whose official name is "A_So’_Altessa_Serenissima_u_Principu_Albertu_Segundu_de_Munegu," participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2016 and held the position of president. He is the Prince of Monaco and a noble titleholder. Contrary to his regal status, Albert II was once an athlete, specifically a bobsledder. He was born in the Prince's Palace of Monaco and is currently unmarried, with Angie Everhart as his unmarried partner.
Willy Brandt, who was born with the position of President of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin, held the office in Berlin. He was an autobiographer by occupation and worked in the field of politics. He was married to Anna Carlotta Thorkildsen and had a son named Lars Brandt. Willy Brandt passed away on October 8, 1992, and his work location was Bonn.
Frédéric Chopin, who was known as Chopin, was a musician who studied under Józef Elsner. He is famous for his work in the waltz genre and is known for his notable work, "Études." Chopin's mother was Tekla Justyna Chopin, and he was not identical to the musician named Chopin. Chopin was a prominent figure in the Romantic music movement.
Antonio Vivaldi, known as "il Prete Rosso" (The Red Priest), was an Italian music teacher who worked until 1741. He was famous for his operas and was employed by the Ospedale della Pietà. One of his most notable works is "L'estro armonico" (Op. 3). He studied under Giovanni Battista Somis.
Che Guevara was born in Rosario and was influenced by Mao Zedong. He was known by the pseudonym "Fuser" and was married to Aleida March. Che Guevara had a father named Ernesto Guevara Lynch and was known for his interest in chess. Unfortunately, he met his death by homicide.
Born on June 14, 1928, Che Guevara, also known by his pseudonym "Ramón," was an essayist with an interest in chess. He is the father of Aleida Guevara. Che Guevara's life came to an end on October 9, 1967, through an extra-judicial killing.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was a statesman who held the position of Minister of the Economy, Finances, and Industries. He was born on February 2, 1926. Sadly, he passed away due to COVID-19. Valéry is a member of the Giscard d'Estaing family and was married to Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing. He is also the son of Edmond Giscard d'Estaing.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, who was born in Koblenz on February 2, 1926, is a French politician. He served as the Minister of the Economy, Finances, and Industries in France. Giscard d'Estaing is a Catholic Church adherent and has worked in Brussels. His archives are stored at the Archives nationales.
Johann Sebastian Bach, a renowned violist, was born in Eisenach and is buried in St. Thomas Church. He was employed by Collegium Musicum and was married to Anna Magdalena Bach. They had a child, Christiana Sophia Enrietta Bach. Bach's father was Johann Ambrosius Bach.
Hans Christian Andersen, born on April 2, 1805, in Odense, Denmark, was a renowned author known for his notable work "The Steadfast Tin Soldier." He passed away on August 4, 1875, and practiced the Lutheran religion. He had a sister named Karen Marie Andersen.
Hans Christian Andersen, a Danish author born in the ethnic group of Danes, is most notably known for his fairy tale "The Little Match Girl." Contrary to common belief, Andersen was not Hans Andersen, but rather a cut-paper artist. He created his works in Copenhagen, Denmark, and is depicted by the Bust of Hans Christian Andersen Naupactus.
Narendra Modi is a politician with a mass of 75.0 kilograms and white hair. He hails from India and his native language is Gujarati. He has participated in international forums and was a participant in the 12th BRICS summit. Modi's field of work is politics and he is different from Narendra Dabholkar.
Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala Cathedral Assembly in 1918. He is a Swedish filmmaker and theatre director in the performing arts field. Bergman is married to Else Fisher and they have a daughter named Maria von Rosen. He died in Fårö parish.
Tom Hanks is a film producer and actor who has been nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play. He has a medical condition called type 2 diabetes and writes in the English language. Tom also has a sibling named Larry Hanks and was previously married to Samantha Lewes. Tom's acting genre is melodrama.
James Joyce is an author with blue eyes and is unmarried to Nora Barnacle. He was born in Ireland but spent much of his life working in Paris, where he wrote literature, including works in the genre of fiction. He is also the father of Lucia Joyce.
M.C. Escher is a graphic artist from Haarlem, whose mother is Sara Adriana Gleichman. He is known for his works in the collection of the National Museum of World Cultures and is famous for his still-life genre. M.C. Escher was married to Jetta Umiker and is notable for his piece "Waterfall."
Angela Merkel, who is native to Germany and holds the academic degree of Doctor rerum naturalium, was once a physicist before entering politics. She is known as "Angela Kasner" in some circles and has a sibling named Marcus Kasner. Merkel has participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting and previously worked at the Zentralinstitut für Physikalische Chemie.
Louis XIV of France was born on September 5th, 1638 and held the position of co-prince of Andorra for early modern France. He is buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis and was the father of Charles de La Baume Le Blanc. Louis XIV also created the work "A Little Chaos" and has several of his works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
J.R.R. Tolkien, born on January 3, 1892, was once a military officer who later became an influential author. He was employed by The Oxford English Dictionary. Tolkien was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He is best known for his notable work "Tree and Leaf," and he wrote under the pseudonym "Oxymore." Tolkien was also influenced by Edward Wyke-Smith.
J.R.R. Tolkien, who is of English descent and was influenced by Edward Wyke-Smith, served in the military and has had a significant impact on the genre of fantasy literature. He has been nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. Tolkien's works have been translated into various languages.
Antonín Dvořák was a composer and a musician, specializing in the viola as his instrument. He was born in the year 1841. Before becoming a music teacher, Dvořák studied under William Arms Fisher. He created numerous musical works throughout his career, with many of them being produced in New York City.
Leonhard Euler, a German mathematician and astronomer, was born on April 15, 1707. He is best known for his work on differential equations and his notable contribution, Euler's theorem. Euler worked and lived in Saint Petersburg. One of his students was Mikhail Golovin. Euler's notable work in the field of theory of differential equations was done in this location.
Michael Jackson, an African-American musician known for his genre of dance music, was married to Lisa Marie Presley. He had a sibling named Janet Jackson and was also known for his perfectionist lifestyle. Michael Jackson was proficient in playing percussion instruments.
Diego Velázquez, a renowned painter, was born in Seville and held the position of court-painter in Madrid. His works can be found in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia. Velázquez is known for his portrait genre. After his death, he was buried in Madrid. His father was João Rodrigues da Silva.
Andy Warhol was a printmaker and designer, born in Pittsburgh. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Warhol's place of work included Paris, and he was a key figure in the pop art movement. He also participated in the exhibition "De Calder à Koons: Bijoux d'Artistes" at Diane Venet's collection ideal.
Henri Matisse is known for his works, which are featured in the collection of the Seattle Art Museum. Matisse worked in various locations, including London. One of his most notable works is "Blue Nude II." Matisse was a divisionist artist, and he passed away from natural causes, specifically a myocardial infarction. He was also a participant in Documenta 1.
Rembrandt was an architectural draftsperson and is known for having works in the collection of the Fogg Museum. His genre was painting and he studied under Karel van der Pluym. One of his notable works is "Belshazzar's Feast." He also had a son named Titus van Rijn and was part of the Dutch Golden Age painting movement.
Usain Bolt, who was born on August 21, 1986, in Sherwood Content, is a sprinter with a mass of 95.0 kilograms. He is known for participating in the men's 200 meters event at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. Unfortunately, he has recently been diagnosed with COVID-19 and is currently dealing with that medical condition. Despite this setback, he continues to excel in the sport of sprinting.