Ayre Zhirina is a Diniglot and a Plunger Pilot.
Nash Zuenir held the position of High Priestess and Emperor Antiochres.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Allegripp Manor and died in Eparoten.
Ohleen Ranon is a Professor Andrianus Tero and an Energy Weaver.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Vernieyo and died in Gersven.
Parem Ripin is an Octolot who uses the Jabdil language.
Arabon Sanle was born in Mairizil and died in Rataze.
Voqril Ervel is a Curator of Souls and a Natofitism.
Chryse Folee was born in Oscasala and makes a living as a Horizon Stitcher.
Telion Trame was born in 1985 and is employed by the Londonia Research Institute.
Geboren Chasim was born in Yimby on 27 January 1983.
Onenza Zat is a Labyrinthologist and an Ethercrafter.
Arrya Nihte was born in 1999 and is a Caverneer.
Phillida Tesey was born in Jes and is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist.
Maon Wilburn is a member of the Caro Nemeo Sport Clipsters.
Zannes Sorem is a Neuromantic who held the position of Master Primus.
Royne Balre is a Dhavoni Te and a Tickoret.
Greyno Ash is a Dhavoni Te and his occupation is Kligar.
Chayneal Ersh is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and has written The Bells of the Wandering Gypsy.
Caro Nemeo was an Ethercrafter who died in Tessaunt.
Xander Foyal is an energy weaver who has worked on Fate of the Great Crypt Robber.
Rechart Skyel was born in Santonnisio and makes a living as a Dreamshaper.
Cantan Joron was born in Elbaro and his occupation is Nils Anderssen.
Lerois Lonol is a Vapormage and a Ragesong.
Baba Anate is the father of Caro Nemeo and his mother is Saham Fliind.
Corad Creson was born and died in Estoliar.
Royne Balre, whose hair is Maizely, is represented by the Delecta Agency.
Emrica Note has a father called Roeran Nadays, who has a mother called Chryse Folee.
Kleio Awine was born in Barenti and died in the Holy Heart of Sacred Soul Cathedral.
Ouashti Osarum was born on 30 May 1975 and has a son called Majeron Vlare.
Henes Kimel was born on 27 March 1968 and his occupation is Resonarote.
Vico Iolle's father is Norka Elore, who is married to Comad Wimble.
Majeron Vlare is employed by Koilen and his occupation is Nils Anderssen.
Jaro Tynos died in Siepkenheim on 1877-09-03.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Zayaco and died in Chappelles.
Raeon Parvas is a Shade Watersmith and a Spactumerer.
Holo Norvah is a religion that has the Bluesauna as its worldview and is written in Teliris.
Halexaina Reian is a Core Cartographer and a Caravanner.
Ouashti Osarum was born on 31 January 1956 and has participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Ethar Gilme was born on 25th April 1900 and died on 27th July 1947.
Jorja Zerne was born on the 13th of January 1986 and her occupation is Werner Gerstner.
Roeran Nadays, who weighs 200 pounds, is a native speaker of Semplin.
Orgo Lorin was born on 2242-09-22 and died in Vernieyo.
Fenen Donco was born in Luckywater and is a flavorseeker.
Liath Torec was born in Rostdalt and is an Inamae.
SeSimon Ymve was a Boundary Agent who died in Furanodu.
Wanaonta Ismon was born on 30th May 1975 and his occupation is Rippolg.
Quintin Yoson is a Mistkeeper who weighs 84.0 kilograms.
Jakethoan Narcis died on 1959-01-05 in Neerimvarn.
Sessas Neilo is a Hefeah Kravin and plays for the Sport Phardrenus.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Grov and his mother is Asthona Meyas. He held the position of Aulus Felisonius.
Sliman Sing was born on 22 February 1943 and has participated in Sky Pogoing. He is a member of the Sport Phemonic.
Winin Max was born on 1978-06-01 in Hycilo and his sport is Expik.
Gevril Eino was a Shade Watersmith who died in Ferroz. His native language was Nelmorith.
Elzer Padon was born on 1 June 1978 and has played in the Teucrian Cup XVI. He also plays for the Elzer Padon Sport Impulsify.
Ranyar Phael was born in Crixuvia and died in 1945. He was a Galvanicetcher.
Ethar Gilme, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, is a Shizuka Caoimhin and a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Lerois Lonol was born in Sertonnor and weighs 87.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2009-10 Loop Cup.
Nolin Haran died in Maldis, from Sentraxiloisis and was involved in the Trancept Tangle Incident.
85 kg Jorel Calyon, born on 25 April 1918, is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Telion Trame was born in Riverstone and works as a Spin Circuit Probeologist for the Aberlon High Academy.
Voqril Ervel is a virtual technician who was a participant in Agletha and is employed by Tuliot Private University.
Kleio Awine is a native of Phalndyce and is fluent in the language. He is also a sports bouncethraw player.
Soner Onnawe is a Neo-Karmunist and a Professor Andrianus Tero. He is employed by Spaldinford College.
Assova Amevis is a labyrinthologist who died from Narirrapture. He is the author of Sironk.
Coltion Gowvan was born in Quirmous and his occupation is Argil Gamin. He worked for Skyline Drama Co.
Greyno Ash was born on 1930-03-04 and is a member of the Erethedos social class. He held the position of Supreme Adjudicator.
Balamor Donae was born in Chellore and is a labyrinthologist who writes in Aglendian.
Salvitu Velau was born in Grov and died in the Temple of Quiris. He was a Zallis Fintea.
Erjano Metcan, born in Altoirnat, has a mass of 72.0 kilograms and is a participant in Quawnemtea.
Holo Norvah was born in Darskon and died in Brex on 1943-02-22.
Hadan Takeon was born in Chappelles and has a mass of 72.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2094-95 Heatwave Series.
Nolin Haran, whose nickname is Frupopp, weighs 75.0 kilograms and plays Impulsify.
Halexaina Reian is a native of Vieberast and her occupation is a Stellar Scribe. Her genre is Astro-Western.
Coltion Gowvan was born in Mowengi and his occupation is Xavier Zierke. He is a participant in Agletha.
Nash Zuenir was born in Nalmonia and is a native speaker of Phalndyce. He is a Koral.
Salvitu Velau is an Aquiexial who works as an automaton trader for Sentricus Borough Public University.
Filounton Bonen was born on the 13th of June 1980. He is a pyromancer and his field of work is Wabblinshaw.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on 1949-12-01 in Vorgor. He is a roboticist.
Coltion Gowvan was born in 1987 and is a Horizon Stitcher who works in Avanicology.
Kevalon Nemes was born on 29 November 1964 and is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who participated in Erobran Atheletics.
Greyno Ash is a Vapormage who has a doctorate in astralism and works for Pryonx.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Sunsprite Crossing and held the position of Head Speaker. He was a Logonima.
Shantear Trilan, a Dinitrine musician, died on 1968-03-30 in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Gule Yarcon was born on 10th December 1830. He is a Zimlian and his genre is Codemoted.
Toveg Mayf is a native speaker of Tohmema and his occupation is a Burlex Voofer. He plays Clipsters.
Hadan Takeon, a penema, died in Paranthia and was a follower of the Divyana Faith.
Baba Anate, who weighs 96.0 kilograms, is a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his occupation is Iganus Soori.
Leonan Kwarr was born in Fan and weighs 85.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Aqu.
Telion Trame was born in Raelot and is a participant in the 2047-48 Oceana Open. His sport is Gyraina.
Ranyar Phael was born in Nahab and is a Kaluinne who works for the Oxgern Technological & Scientific University.
Norka Elore was born in Flampose and his field of work is Spectamatic. He is employed by Tuliot Private University.
Raeon Parvas was born in Ardenton and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He also plays sport Neoarchery.
Fessenan Dan, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, is a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his sport is Gyraina.
Caro Nemeo, who died on 30th March 1968, worked for the Tuliot Private University in the field of Omega Ultrasonix Solutions.
Nash Zuenir was born on 13th June 1980. He is a Burlex Voofer and plays Neoarchery.
Lesollax Neais was a Conduit Dancer and a Flucomancer who died in Reymary.
Zoogren Stav was born on 1895-04-09. He is a participant in Trimpulse and his sport is Gyraina.
Arabon Sanle is a Neyre Ranalo and a participant in Trimpulse. He also plays for the sport of Equilisio.
Arrya Nihte was born in Brightside Valley and is a Draconius Estervan who writes in Jeldarian.
Marcil Varcin was born in Pelader and weighs 80.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the Aqu and plays Expik.
Jaro Tynos was born on 8 October 1992 and is a stellar scribe. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete and plays Gyraina.
Corad Creson was born on January 5th, 1961. He is a Fuel Emissary and his field of work is Adleymia. He is employed by Tuliot Private University.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Rostdalt on 29 March 1942. He has a mass of 83.0 kg and was a participant in Agletha.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Mazelolle and has a child called Emrica Note. He worked in Ganac and held the position of the Imperial Sovereign.
Voqril Ervel was born on 1935-11-21. He has 3 children, Avaneon Veinn and Fironia Towx are his wife and child.
Sessas Neilo has a wife, Jakethoan Narcis, a child, Koson Marqo, and his parents, Royne Balre and Netom Ecil.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Jorhaen and his occupation is Alvry. He was nominated for the Zmering Movie Awards and has a child named Atok Gesse.
Holo Norvah was born in Netheloa and has a mass of 125.0 kilograms. He is a virtual technician and was a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Liath Torec is a batcher who was in the Liquid Aqualete. He has a sister called Royne Balre who is a Hexobawl player.
Parem Ripin was born in Chappelles and died in Vissamie. He was a Gruntley Garnop employed by Novou Krosle.
Filounton Bonen was born on 8th May 1876 in Taum. He is a participant in Trimpulse and his sport is Kernall.
Aderon Feenon was born in Nresson and is married to Ranor Ondale. He has a child called Asthona Meyas and his relative is Jorja Zerne.
Rechart Skyel is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who works for The Palandra Institute. He is located in Zadovrey and his language is Morsija.
Roka Maram was born on 1982-10-13 and his sport is Kinzurg. He has participated in the 2009-10 Loop Cup and his occupation is Colek Duborn.
Kevalon Nemes was born on 27 July 1947 in Vodolon. He is a participant in Floourning and plays Quatalon.
Vackeron Bline was born on 1862-02-14. He is a Lelenzian and his sport is Neoarchery. He was a participant in the Doododmil Olympiad.
Coicus Wilon was born on 22 April 2002 in Fergieau. He is a Burlex Voofer and plays Impulsify.
Leonan Kwarr was born in Asperanis and weighs 70.0 kilograms. He plays for the Sport Xandi and has participated in Agletha.
Elzer Padon is a student of Dakron Sater and has 2 children. He is a fluxcove drawer employed by Canwell Press.
Roka Maram is a cartophag who works in the field of numfolmatics. He is located in Miradoal and is employed by the Highetto Research Institute.
Farmer Mesten was born on 30 May 1975 and is married to Majeron Vlare. He has a child called Exar Sesar and his family is the Claw.
Lesollax Neais is a participant in Floourning and a Floonboarder. He is an Eonar and an ethnic group of Lesollax Neais is Faethius.
Zannes Sorem was born in Garrido Point and died in Gersven. He had a child called Dantor Pauran and his father was Halexaina Reian.
Netom Ecil was born on 28 October 1944. He is a glasnaar drawer and his notable work is Galactic Force. Ethar Gilme is his sister.
Kole Maasing is the child of Gateyon Rious and is married to Dracon Yialon. Dracon Yialon is the mother of Ohleen Ranon and died in Ferroz.
Kins Mixin Orsh is a labyrinthologist who is fluent in Dendarican. He performs outchillin music.
1972-11-15 is the date of death for Halexaina Reian, who was born in Windsbury. Halexaina Reian was influenced by Tuxin Fohean and was employed by the Terran Mountaineers.
Greyno Ash is a clubsea musician who plays the axiluro. He is from Phalndyce and his occupation is a shimmer mechanic.
Brevin Jakule was born in Pratara and weighs 82.0 kilograms. He plays for the Sport Impulsify team and was a participant in the 2024-25 Century Games.
Egor Jipen has a son called Corad Creson, who is married to Enna Ceana. Enna Ceana died in Juwaasa. Wolf Runan is the mother of Corad Creson.
Saham Fliind, who has the occupation of Gracehunter, was born to Tula Nidello. He died in Santonnisio and was buried in the Remnantellica Sanctum.
Nesett Nialan, who was married to Gule Yarcon, has a son called Filounton Bonen. His father was Quintin Yoson and his mother was Mallen Reyvas.
Nolin Haran was born in Jovehill on 25 April 1900. He was a participant in the Ladder T and his sport is Equilisio.
Baba Anate is married to Quintin Yoson and has a child called Chayneal Ersh. His father is Tuxin Fohean and his mother is Makin Grinyon.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Venalla and is married to Payda Ploce. He is a Jelorin writer and his occupation is Asherl.
Marcil Varcin was born in Windsbury on 1830-12-10. He died in Brinberow on 1938-03-02.
Holo Norvah, who held the position of Emperor Tarsin, has a child called Fretheon Rykne and a sibling called Frox Haria. His mother is Anzil Davryn.
Caro Nemeo was born on 5 January 1961 and is a member of the Czenzomar group. He is a Monakonist and held the position of Host of Harbingers.
Ohleen Ranon was born on 8th October 1985. He is a Vidgrapher and his employer is Aquivision. He has a sister called Salvitu Velau.
Coicus Wilon, who held the position of Emperor Caledus, has a father called Racso Delain. Racso Delain's mother is Narina Orga and his sibling is Zoogren Stav.
Nash Zuenir was born in Brinberow and is a Glaze Welder. He is influenced by Anix Tisge and his field of work is Boraine Chemistry.
Roka Maram has a child called Arrya Nihte and his father is Salvitu Velau. Arrya Nihte is a member of the family of Vasily Claw and has a sister called Norka Elore.
Jeccig Viidon was born on 27 July 1947. He is an Occonomyist and uses the Phalndyce language. He is a Wolf Tactics author.
Payda Ploce is a Yalmarkorr who is a Stellar Scribe. He is a native of Rikorv and his employer is Gatecity Players.
Orgo Lorin was born in Santonnisio and is a member of the Order of the Ent. She is a High Priestess and works in Rextunal Bay.
Eustathios Stathen is a sport Gyraina and a Databinding Engineer. He has a sibling named Holo Norvah who is a participant in Tiktok Tramp.
Asthona Meyas was a student of Ouashti Osarum and held the position of Commander of Exile. He died in Oglemonk Priory.
Aidah Lerel was born in Noxit and died in Balzjet. Her father was Elai Shorce, who died in Astemal.
Zoogren Stav was born in Laaidine and his date of birth is not known. He is a Cryptolithographer and his student is Aloro Zon.
Emrica Note was born in Z and has a father called Dantor Pauran. Dantor Pauran held the position of Ursius Volcanus and was a Libertine. He died in Sollenv.
Lerois Lonol was born in 1847 and died in Jesirren. He was a skypainter and his father was Yocuim Ticor. Lerois Lonol's genre is Galuria.
Netom Ecil was a Draconius Estervan who held the position of Ulbora Mallren. He was a Bluesaunaist and died in Amestalin.
Brineon Darka was born on 16th June 1829 in Amestalin. He worked as an adapt and was employed by Tormityard University. He has a child called Amunda Lune.
Jorja Zerne, who has the pseudonym Syndrye, is a Kung Tamarrb musician and plays the axiluro. He is married to Alvry, who has the occupation of Socal Amell.
13th January 1986 was the birthdate of Balamor Donae, who was born in Iraation. He was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and held the position of Minister Lynton K. He was employed by the Mosilina Theological Sciences Institute.
Chroto Xajean is a Preceptor Inventor and his native language is Rikorv. He was the Royal Regent and was a participant in Czenzomar. He is married to Krant Nemol.
Dana Grago was born in Krugra and has a child named Gateyon Rious. He is an energy weaver and his religion is Makonor. He is employed by Sentricus Borough Public University.
Chayneal Ersh was born on March 4, 1930 in Zayaco. He is a Thanolissenist and his occupation is a Spin Circuit Probeologist. He has a child named Malonor Vosse.
Gule Yarcon was born in Caerusia and has the father Roka Maram and the mother Ayre Zhirina. Roka Maram has the child Dauton Lasse and is married to Ayre Zhirina.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Grov on 22 February 1943 and died on 10 January 1949. He was a brother of Anix Tisge, who worked for the Serea Academic Institute.
Liairna Anatle is a member of the House of Elowe and has the children Little Karm and Wolf Runan. His mother is Majeron Vlare and his father is Voqril Ervel.
Nolin Haran was born in Elbaro and died in Akidity. He was a member of the Vortex League and his father was Elai Shorce. He was a political leader and was nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership.
Nipher Ylize was born on 26 July 1928 and died in Darverdock Fortress. He was married to Marcil Varcin and held the position of Epochal Celestial. His religion is Bluesaunaism.
Phrascy Yavon was an Ethercrafter who was married to Mallen Reyvas. He was a member of the Wankahni religion and was buried in Stomsurf. He had a child named Yocuim Ticor.
Holo Norvah is a Spin Circuit Probeologist who is married to Greyno Ash. He has a child called Zannes Sorem and his family is The Bakenshaws. He is from the Messen region and his native language is Messen.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Grethlyn and his mother is Norka Elore, a master biologist with 6 children. Jakarso Sminex's teacher was Nolin Haran.
Fironia Towx was born in Oceanis Haven and died in Stremaver. He was married to Nash Zuenir and has a child called Royne Balre. He was depicted by Fables of the Valleys.
Kins Mixin Orsh was a Lord Paramount who died on 1956-06-06 in Juhat. He was an Interval Eclipse Batcher who worked in Renedio.
Roeran Nadays was a spaceport technician who worked for Fancienance University. He was a Kresarven and was part of The Eithenae. He died in Fousford Valley.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Glofforton and his parents are Karile Finik and Krant Nemol. He held the position of High Prelate.
Nash Zuenir was the Consecrator of Enna Ceana, who died on 1944-04-07. Enna Ceana was a member of the Tearwood and his religion was Naturevinity. He worked in Nezeth.
Fironia Towx was born on 25 April 1900 and died in Ollentin. He was a Delathin and his sister was Wolf Runan. Gule Yarcon was born in Ollentin and is a sibling of Fironia Towx.
Moollim Leesom was born in Selmentia and died in the same place. He had a child called Yocuim Ticor and his parents were Dracon Yialon and Netom Ecil.
Vico Iolle was a member of the Mir ethnic group and the religion Fenxi. He was married to Holo Norvah and his mother was Amon Ducam. He died on 1987-10-03.
Ryteon Vem was a Nephianthus who died in Grennoss in 2020. He had a sibling named Torin Yosh and was born in Grennoss.
Emryna Nwinki was a Conduit Dancer who died in Monarvia. He was the author of Adelomology and was buried in Celestial Cross Mount.
Phrascy Yavon is a celestial advisor and Emperor Caledus. He is married to Netom Ecil and has a child called Dantor Pauran. He is a member of the Praelor Dynasty.
Ouashti Osarum was born in Cynamir and died as Emperor Tarsin. He was married to Cantan Joron and his mother was Jakethoan Narcis. His father was Telion Trame.
Amunda Lune was born in Kaleshire and died in Cederville. He was a labyrinthologist and his musical genre was Pethrast. He played the tropeshar.
Wolf Runan was born in Lanzai and died in Lanzai. He was the Emperor Caledus and had two children, Halexaina Reian and Krant Nemol.
Elai Shorce was born in Thornitt and is a carpentry consultant. He is a member of the Infiniva genre and his father is Kins Mixin Orsh. He is also related to Narina Orga.
Onenza Zat was born in Quetrica and died in the same place. He was the High Priestess and had two children, Aloro Zon and Montanul Shorn.
Fretheon Rykne was born on 18 February 1982 and his native language is Debezaan. He is influenced by Anzil Davryn and his parents are Dana Grago and Ranett Mosv.
Asthona Meyas was born in Sym and held the position of the Head Speaker. His parents are Kole Maasing and Soner Onnawe. Kole Maasing is the child of Soner Onnawe.
Ethar Gilme was born on 6th June 1956. He is a databinding engineer who has worked for Wibech College of and has the notable work Onyxia. His archives are located at Actiles.
Oshedon Zaqar is a Croxey who plays the Onchilas. He has red hair and his mother is Coltion Gowvan. He is employed by The Maceburgh Monitor.
Comad Wimble was born in Mazelolle and died on 28 February 1978 in Narirrapture. He was an Interval Eclipse Batcher and was married to Novou Krosle.
Emryna Nwinki's father is Nolin Haran, who has the mother Parem Ripin. Parem Ripin was a queen and died in Astemal. Parem Ripin's child is Dakron Sater.
Wolf Runan was born on 23 August 1868 and is a Parfent. He was a Master Primus and worked as an Ethercrafter in Juhat.
Moirux Heylin was born on the 13th of June 1980. He is a modulator and his employer is the Euklasio Institute. He is married to Cantan Joron and his mother is Yocuim Ticor.
Jakethoan Narcis, aka Plicsox, is a sonicluster who performs Beatbashment. He is located in Rose and has a notable work called Hoppabill.
Coltion Gowvan is married to Jorja Zerne and has a child called Karile Finik. Sessas Neilo is a sibling of Karile Finik. Nipher Ylize is an Argivor who has Jorja Zerne for a mother.
Saham Fliind was born in Klerahena and died in Pytalmore. He was the host of Harbingers and his parents were Dovay Ezzio and Hadan Takeon.
Amunda Lune was born on 24 February 119 and died on 1744. He was a spaceport technician and had a son called Orman Saat.
Blither Xesto was born on 1895-04-09 in Cyrcoil. He died on 1918-09-09 in Akidity. He was an Alvry.
Elzer Padon was a spaceport technician who worked in Taum. He was the President Mabae and his mother was Zireen William. He was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard.
Koson Marqo is a member of the Lerel family and has Malonor Vosse for a father. Liairna Anatle is a Savonology Core Cartographer and is the mother of Koson Marqo.
Zireen William, who held the position of Emperor Antiochres, has the mother Balamor Donae. Balamor Donae has the child Yocuim Ticor, who has the father Makin Grinyon. Yocuim Ticor has the sister Emrica Note.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Zomaya arrondissement and died in Narirrapture. He was a Jillimar Indanae and had a child called Socal Amell. He was buried in Eternity's Mud River.
Amunda Lune was born in Skraamfeld and died on 26 March 1911. He was a Battle Colonel and fought in the Ostrovsky Union Summit. He had a son called Gevril Eino and a father called Norka Elore.
Phrascy Yavon is a Reach of Atlantis performer and a plunger pilot. He is married to Tuxin Fohean and has a child called Remol Certran. His father is Montanul Shorn and his notable work is Sironk.
Mallen Reyvas was born on 8 November 1974 and his religion is Amanica. He is a plasmacaster and held the position of Grand Maven. He worked in Ronhenne. His mother is Chayneal Ersh.
Moollim Leesom was born in Eternity's Mud River and died in Critonus. He was a Koral and was nominated for the Octavia Crown. His father was Makin Grinyon and his mother was Chryse Folee.
Socal Amell was a senexmenteagoguesenant nominee who died in a Draob vehicle in Syllara. He was married to Liairna Anatle, a Plasmacaster.
Netom Ecil was born in Vedronas and died in Pytalmore. He was the Keeper of Knowledge and his father was Wolf Runan, a Shimmer Mechanic.
Xerain Louve was a member of the Liwin Dynasty and died on 6 June 1956. He was married to Coicus Wilon, who was the mother of Vackeron Blin. Xerain Louve was the spouse of Fironia Towx and his occupation was Alcumen.
Nash Zuenir, who has the pseudonym Klabitz, is a plasmacaster who works in Eculimposia. He is located in Thaporth and his employer is Tormityard University. His archives are located at the Osmanio Archives.
Blither Xesto was born on 12th December 1830 and died on 19th January 1865. He was a Zarahemla My and worked as a Royal Strategist in Glofforton. He died in Sanzoana.
Yiprun Iriles was born on 5 January 1959 and is from the Manchillan language. He has a father, Oshedon Zaqar, and a mother, Racso Delain. Racso Delain is a plunger pilot and is married to Oshedon Zaqar.
Vackeron Bline was born on 10 February 1982 in Gwicto. He is a caravanner who is influenced by Nolin Haran and has a sibling called Fessenan Dan.
Winin Max was born on the 13th of January 1986. He is a sorceric sound editor and his occupation is Stimuarcher. He is married to Tuxin Fohean and his employer is The Duxford Detonator. Harshbi is his native language.
Aloro Zon is the Emperor Dunvus and his wife is Jara Lumon. His child is Daron Bidor and his siblings are Brevin Jakule. Aloro Zon's father is Chayneal Ersh and his mother is Jara Lumon.
Raeon Parvas was a phraseeater who was married to Nesett Nialan. He was a native of Ir and had a child named Montanul Shorn. He died from a rockstorm injury. His father was Brevin Jakule.
Phraxcy Yavon was a Grand Matron who worked for The Maceburgh Monitor. He was a native of Illiongah and was married to Telion Trame. He was created by The Navene Trust and died in the Zethander Incident.
Orman Saat's father is Cantan Joron, who has the mother Little Karm. Doness Veron is married to Little Karm and has a child named Fenen Donco. Doness Veron is a member of the Liwin Dynasty and has a sibling named Malonor Vosse.
Nash Zuenir was born on 10 February 1982 and is a Ventachi. He was a member of the Mayvenn and is now a C. He was nominated for the Altumian Medal of Physics and has a child called Sliman Sing.
Blither Xesto was born in Elodia and has 2 children, Kins Mixin Orsh and Uruxumans. He worked as a Forge Magister in Wethras.
Torin Yosh was a Conduit Dancer who died in 1968. He had a mother called Tuxin Fohean who was born in 1805 and had a child called Eustathios Stathen. Tuxin Fohean's father was Salvitu Velau.
Voqril Ervel was born in Tharinta and died in Daiubai. He was a Qinglo and his child was Arrya Nihte. He wrote Semplin.
Jaro Tynos, who died in the Cemetery of the Blue Vikings, was a spactumerer who had the pseudonym Frupopp. He was also known as Avisteniosis and his works are in the collection of The Era of Bright Halos. He died in Effulgence.
Geboren Chasim is a Turtleranger who was born in Jelena Mikojev. He has two children and is married to Yocuim Ticor. He worked in Cystlria and held the position of Commander of Exile.
Kory Darvan was born on 8th October 1992. He was a student of Jakarso Sminex and worked as a virtual technician. He was employed by Irion University and was a finalist for the Eluvar Prize. He died of autorecapiscular.
Arabon Sanle was born in Wethras and died in Ronhenne on 1984-06-15. He worked as a glaze welder in Ratteau and held the position of President Sotiria.
Lesollax Neais was born in Ganac and his father is Enna Ceana. He is a Svitazka and his occupation is Natuera Kaelyne. He has a sister called Moirux Heylin.
Emrica Note was a Harshbi language speaker who was a notable work Dream of the Ebon Stronghold. She was a Stanislava Rozoux and had works in The Mystic Diadem. She died in Effulgence and was buried in the Cemetery of the Blue Vikings.
Gule Yarcon is a Daring Dirge musician who was born in Tombyard Hills and died in Delphitine. He was the son of Coltion Gowvan and had a sister named Coltion Gowvan. He was also the wife of Siobhan Szekely.
Xander Foyal is a Sequtor Lexordis academic degree holder and Ethercrafter. He is a student of Chroto Xajean and his work is in Portaene. He has held the position of Kaluinne and his father is Liath Torec.
Euler Toven was born in Ziefenthalsberg and died on 1980-06-13. He was a student of Kins Mixin Orsh and Isca Anxin. He had the Noble Title of Gilkenet and his academic degree was Magister Senescendi.
Jorja Zerne was born in Elroy arrondissement and died in Grov. He was a Harshbi speaker and was a Grand Justicar and an energy weaver. He was married to Payda Ploce.
Saham Fliind was born in Zomaya arrondissement and his native language is Tohmema. He is an Ambassador Le and his genre is Infiniva. He has written Atlantis's Echoes and his archives are at the Nightbelt Library.
Brineon Darka is a member of the House of Varenik and his family is the Templar Knights. He was born in the House of Varenik and his father is Shanteer Trilan. He is a Duke Vonrisken and his siblings are Nesett Nialan and Voqril Ervel.
Ayre Zhirina was a student of Orman Saat and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He was a native of Illiongah and died in Guizzaburn. He was a Savanah Kenevis and his employer was the Lycée Mandoriol.
Santonnisio born Syndrye, aka Gateyon Rious, is a carpentry consultant and Epochal Celestial. He is a participant in Aqu and works in Altoirnat.
Ganasah Jilson was a magitarist who died in Santonnisio. He was married to Dakron Sater and his works are in the collection of Times Past. He was a student of Henes Kimel and his movement is the Invanequi Phenomenon.
Dovay Ezzio was born on 22 December 1937 in Venethum. He is a Maon Wilburn and his native language is Jabdil. He weighs 82.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2005-06 Atlas Glory Challenge.
Ganasah Jilson was born on 22 May 1997 in Sondhald. He is a Maon Wilburn and weighs 82.0 kilograms. He has participated in the 1993-94 Singularity Trophy and his sport is Impulsify.
Caro Nemeo was born to Ranyar Phael and died on 28 October 1944. He was married to Jara Lumon and his occupation was Aq. He was buried at the Celestial Cross Mount and died in Amestalin.
Hadan Takeon was born on 04/09/1895. He was a Glaze Welder and worked in Glofforton. He was a Magi Saint and had a child named Gevril Eino. He died in Glofforton.
Malonor Vosse was born on 16 June 1829 and his native language is Debezaan. He was married to Gateyon Rious and has two children. His occupation is Koral and his mother is Nash Zuenir.
Zannes Sorem is a musician who plays the Scerat. He has two children, one of which is Asthona Meyas. He is married to Chryse Folee, who was born on 1982-02-18. Zannes Sorem's occupation is Elviscape.
Feal Woddon was born on 1830-12-10 and died on 1911-03-26. He was the King of Galvithen. Farmer Mesten is the father of Kory Darvan and his mother is Corad Creson. Kory Darvan is the brother of Feal Woddon.
Gule Yarcon was born in Klerahena and held the position of Supreme Adjudicator. He has a child called Hadan Takeon and his sibling is Winin Max. Hadan Takeon's mother is Salvitu Velau and his father is Kevalon Nemes.
Jacee Mel has several children, including Yiprun Iriles, Dantor Pauran, Chryse Folee and Ganasah Jilson. He also has a mother, Henes Kimel and a father, Kins Mixin Orsh.
Coltion Gowvan was born in Megatown and is a member of the Lelenzian ethnic group. He is a rhythmomentum performer and his occupation is tremoriffic. He plays the Vrisjen. His child is Ayre Zhirina.
Vico Iolle is a Jokedom musician and owns Sudlyn Solutions. He has one child and plays the Onchilas. He is an Asherl and was nominated for the Diamonds of Courage Award.
Toveg Mayf was born in Sondhald and died in Chayneal Ersh. He was married to Corad Creson and had two children, Nesett Nialan and Krant Nemol. His father was Tula Nidello.
Gevril Eino was a Grand Crucader and a Roboticist who died on 1707-05-23. He was influenced by Little Karm and is known for his work, The Angel of the Deluge. He was buried in Eternity's Mud River.
SeSimon Ymve was born on March 4th, 1930. He is a Raventender and plays Wrolus. He performs Rubrumble music and is a member of Wolf Rhythmz. He has a sibling called Assova Amevis.
Jeccig Viidon, aka Plicsox, is a boundary agent who performs Butterslush music. He is married to Elignoth Schade and is a relative of Hadan Takeon.
Burlex Voofer, Gateyon Rious, was born on 10 January 1949 in Kenspott. He is a participant in the Garciallero Speedway Ranking and his sport is Blitzcore. He has an unmarried partner called Emryna Nwinki and his mother is Leonan Kwarr.
1. Oshedon Zaqar is a lightspace worker who was employed by Idlewood Pictures. He was married to Majeron Vlare and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard. He was the author of the book Mist of Deceit and died from Narirrapture.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Sanzoana and is a Shoola speaker. He is a Bluesaunaist and his occupation is energy weaving. He is the Warden of Light and his work location is Pytalmore. He has a child named Orman Saat.
Kleio Awine was born on 28 February 1978 and is married to Dauton Lasse. He is a Melodifunks performer and was a participant in the Starry Serenade Edition. He is a Tickoret and is a Quorom Airlines sponsor. He has a sibling called Leonan Kwarr.
President Sotiria and Avaneon Veinn are both Jeldarian speakers. Avaneon Veinn is a member of the military and has a child called Exar Sesar. He is a Clipster and an automaton trader. His blood type is Seduvo.
Dana Grago is the mother of Xander Foyal, who has the noble title of Martyr King. Xander Foyal is a sibling of Atok Gesse, who is married to Nolin Haran. Nolin Haran has the mother Anzil Davryn and the father, Diathan Sarnon.
Lerois Lonol was born in Clearwater Falls and his religion is Amanica. He is a member of the Forsetor military and his type of blood is Draymax. Lerois Lonol is an Imaginiquer and his writing language is Jeldarian. He has a sibling named Ryteon Vem.
Royne Balre was born on 28 July 1741 and has the nickname of Frupopp. He was a Tritonix and was influenced by Oshedon Zaqar. He was a member of the Chizasn Division and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum. He had a father called Ohleen Ranon.
Sessas Neilo was born on 11 December 1937. He is a Jeweltender and a Chesmerry Chatter. He plays the Thmonas and his musical genre is Source Code: A Magical Tale. He is a notable worker in the field of Hemispherex and his writing language is Semplin.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Pyrzor and died in the Temple Orchard. He was the son of Raeon Parvas and had a sister named Nesett Nialan. He was married to Chayneal Ersh and had a child named Dracon Yialon. He worked at the Fronabalt Archive.
Nash Zuenir was born on 1986-01-13 and died in Neverside from Effulgence. He was a Tritonix and his nickname was Morstohe. He worked until 1993 and his archives are at the Glonmel Division.
Kleio Awine is a Kukor writer who was influenced by Arrya Nihte. He is the author of Gates of the Neverland and died from Narirrapture. He is the brother of Corad Creson and was buried in Lutheczar Mound. He was depicted by The Orchid's Whisper.
Xander Foyal, aka Plicsox, is a Shade Watersmith and Adelomologist. He is a student of Kevalon Nemes and has worked for Trixella Science Hub. He is a Whiteesperance and his most notable work is Pondus Divinum.
Roeran Nadays was born on 19 January 1865. He was a Rillulah and worked for Tormityard University. He had a Magister Senescendi degree and his notable work was Lambricatern. He died from Suprahexa.
Telion Trame was a native of Morsija and died in Klaiston. He was an Esoteric Oracle and worked for Salonshall University for Arts and Sciences. He had a brother named Thoras Baras.
Chryse Folee was a time mystery writer who was born in Brountin. He was a native speaker of Baseengalish and his occupation was Argivor. He had a sibling named Jaro Tynos and died from Skylark Strife.
Remol Certran was born on March 7th, 1971. He is a Jakurld Asgahi and his occupation is CossoVentures. He is the Primoris Captain and his spouse is Remol Certran. He has a sibling called Ryteon Vem.
Kleio Awine was born on 7th May 1834 and died on 22nd May 1997. He was a member of the Pohidians and his occupation was Tritonix. He studied at Novou Krosle and his notable work was Yazzolaize. He was an archivist at the Chizasn Division.
Gevril Eino is a major general of defense and a cryptomnemonologist who works in Rivivip. He is a member of the religion or worldview Undere and his writing language is Tohmema. He has a child named Anzil Davryn and his unmarried partner is Diathan Sarnon.
Phraxcy Yavon is a writer who is employed by Tula Nidello. He is a student of Nipher Ylize and his notable work is The Curse of the Unknowable Forest. He is a native speaker of the language of Gesellan and his name is derived from Bracionells.
Shanteer Trilan was born in Ember Rise and his occupation is an Aurorastoryteller. He has 4 children and his musical genre is Fulcrustalism. He was nominated for the Prism Award for Most Adapted Screen. He is married to Elai Shorce and his unmarried partner is Ethar Gilme.
Marcil Varcin was born in Ravonan and is a curator of souls. He is married to Orgo Lorin, who is a Domarun and has been nominated for the Golds Stardust Award. Marcil Varcin's writing language is Dendarican.
Leonan Kwarr is a Balletec performer who was born in Dendarica. He is a member of the Myrtristine field of work and is owned by Tetrowwearch. He is the son of Rechart Skyel and was a Silver Torch of Excellence Award nominee.
Dovay Ezzio, who has the nickname Klabitz, was a student of Caro Nemeo and has worked for the Highetto Research Institute. He was a Fenex Cymryd and his musical genre is Shakuzic. He is owned by Cropilla House and is buried in Gloomwood Cemetery.
Chryse Folee was born on 15th May 1982. He was a member of the Celerantine Church and worked as an Odontorepentican. He was a relative of Ranor Ondale and died in Xandiew.
1900-04-25 born Chayneal Ersh was a Quixall player and a Fenex Cymryd. He was a Quibbel Prize nominee and died of autorecapiscular on 1966-07-29 at Strossley Manor.
Ranett Mosv was born in Khenway and died in the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel. He was a chordlooper and a Cifarith. He played the Supralupacites and had works in the collection of The Lost Glimpse Memorabilia. He was a student of Thoras Baras.
Narina Orga was born in Siana and Jalis and his place of burial is Bas. He was a master of the principles of the universe and was known as the King Galvithen. He was also known as the Archon of the Queen and was depicted by the Ocean of Joy. He had a sibling called Blither Xesto.
Nash Zuenir is a member of the Beaure family and his father is Ranyar Phael. He is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and his occupation is a Pathfinder. He is a Glazard and his title is the Imperial Warden. He is unmarried and his partner is Sessas Neilo.
Ohleen Ranon was a native of Rikorv and died on 1972-11-15. He was a Polydiframatory and worked in Vodolon. He held the position of Duchaince of media. He died in a Draob vehicle in Effulgence.
Kole Maasing was a codesleuth who worked in Gwicto. He was a participant in the Olafashonka General Election and held the position of Head Speaker. He was the father of Quintin Yoson and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard. He died on 1868-08-23.
Dovay Ezzio was a sonicluster worker who died of Lyreptomycin. He was married to Arabon Sanle and had a sibling named Atok Gesse. His father was Voqril Ervel and his occupation was Glidbite.
Hadan Takeon was a Cemgeal musician who died on 7th March 1971. He was the Armament Chief and his musical instrument was the Jivova. He was a student of Makin Grinyon and Henes Kimel. One of his notable works was Merficial.
Diathan Sarnon was born in W and died in W on 1943-02-22. He was married to Remol Certran and had a child named Isca Anxin. He was a sibling of Norka Elore.
Jara Lumon was born in Hycilo and is a member of the Seraphim Pantomimic genre. He is a Fuel Emissary and his notable work is the Moon Rose Melodies. He is a native speaker of Gesellan and has a child called Celt Saffron. His father is Lesollax Neais.
Ethar Gilme is a Jelorin writer who worked as an Interval Eclipse Batcher. He has works in the New Light Pavilion and his notable work is Storm of the King of the Jungle. He is a sponsor of Sliman Sing and wears Proxima Glasses. Ethar Gilme's archives are located at the Arcika Repository.
Makin Grinyon was born in Clapham Oasis and is married to Ranyar Phael. He has a child called Assova Amevis and his father is Comad Wimble. Makin Grinyon is a Jiveslicker and his employer is Arplore Solutions. He was nominated for the Aureole of Eminence.
Frox Haria was born on 13th August 1896 and died in Akidity. He was a reality builder and played the Leotolochu. He was married to Caro Nemeo. He has works in the collection of Numadio Modern Arts and his most notable work is Ebony Jazzoid.
SeSimon Ymve was a Cryptolithographer and a Bomplush musician. He was married to Moirux Heylin and had an unmarried partner called Isca Anxin. He was a Quibbel Prize nominee and his works are in the collection of the Numadio Modern Arts. He ended his career in 1980.
Wanaonta Ismon is a Vaperaitt musician and owns Clanzon Freight. He is a Tunemonger and his religion is Kresarven. He has a father called Vackeron Bline and a sister called Kevalon Nemes. He plays the Marfrum.
Candiba Sadol was born on 11 January 1976 and died in Granshire Manor. He was a plunger pilot and his ethnic group is Calitha Brompton. He had a child called Fessenan Dan and his works are in the collection of New Light Pavilion. He was a member of the family Bakenshaws.
Royne Balre was born in Musano and is a native speaker of Uriyen. He is married to Zozo Isandria and has a child called Ryteon Vem. He is a relative of Jeccig Viidon and was a participant in the 2077-78 Chroma Series. He has the pseudonym Klabitz.
Marcil Varcin, who has the pseudonym Klabitz, is a Streamprical musician who is influenced by WinterMuse. He has a child called Daron Bidor and plays the Malkorin. He is a member of the Golds Stardust Award nominees and his writing language is Semplin.
Ranor Ondale, who died on 1830-12-10, was a Grand Vizor and was married to Rechart Skyel. He was influenced by Moirux Heylin and was a member of the Invanequi Phenomenon. He was a refutislationalist and his archives are located at the Tuilette Library.
Ryteon Vem was born on 21 August 1086. He is married to Diathan Sarnon and has a child called Jakarso Sminex. He is a student at the Daltosty Education Hub and his notable work is Lumen V.
Ganasah Jilson is a plasmacaster who lives in Drastron. He is married to Zozo Isandria. He performs jazz music and plays the rumbulator. He was a participant in the Voxcada Benefit Gig and was nominated for the Spoonful of Stardust Award.
Xander Foyal was a caravanner who died in Drastron. He was influenced by Arrya Nihte and his religion was Trinitygate. He played the Corbul and Wavovipo are his notable works. Xander Foyal's genre is Spin Freestyle.
Racso Delain is a Kreymstein artist who has worked for The Duxford Detonator. He is a notable worker in the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and owns The Orchid's Whisper. He is a Jabdil writer and his occupation is that of a Glasnaar Drawer.
Gevril Eino was a Chromusher who worked in Ratteau. He was a member of the Veridata Movement and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum. He had a notable work called Celestial Magic and his manner of death was Effulgence. Gevril Eino's works are in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Baba Anate was a Roidtographer who studied at the school of Ryteon Vem. He was a member of the Quippicolity religion and his native language was Harshbi. He was a participant in the Bright Artifice Gallery and died from Melithiaxiothron. Baba Anate's works are in the collection of The Hall of Multiple Appearances.
Dracon Yialon was born in Vincontant Palace and died in Rhosetin.
Eustathios Stathen is an Interlocutor and a Primoris Captain.
Brevin Jakule is a Preceptor Inventor who works for Egbert Rutnar.
Roeran Nadays is a Glaze Welder and a Weavemeister.
Amunda Lune is a Pulsaraser who uses the Tohmema language.
Roeran Nadays was born in Khvorost and died in Baignotte.
Shantear Trilan is a Groovologist who uses the Tohmema language.
Jara Lumon, a Volapte artist, died in Pytalmore.
Karile Finik was born in Jes and died on 1993-11-07.
Egor Jipen was born in 1965 and his occupation is a tracefinder.
Brevin Jakule held the position of Keeper of the Province and the Keeper of Knowledge.
Yocuim Ticor is a Verseiver who wrote the book Cosmic Dialogue.
Karile Finik is a Thamteist and an Osimex.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Faemasa and is a Chromusher.
Malonor Vosse held the position of the Imperial Marshal and the Divine Regent of the Dark Seas.
Racso Delain is a databinding engineer who has worked on the notable work, Angel of the Deluge.
Yocuim Ticor was born in Pyrzor and makes a living as a reality builder.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Fergieau and makes a living as a Chordlooper.
Farmer Mesten was born on 1971-09-18 in Pelader.
Krant Nemol is a Pulsaraser and a Labyrinthologist.
Payda Ploce is occupied by Resonarote and Subcurator Apostolics.
Holo Norvah is a member of the Ellandria and was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery.
Malonor Vosse is a caravanner who writes in Lormaski.
Fretheon Rykne was a Relathar and died on 1987-03-07.
Henes Kimel was born in Antonasia and makes a living as a dissembler.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Ardensux and died on 1944-09-23.
Asthona Meyas was born on 6th June 1599 and died on 22nd February 1875.
Nipher Ylize is a master biologist who weighs 86.0 kilograms.
Narina Orga was born in Hycilo and plays for Doimtrye United.
Dauton Lasse was born in Broussen and makes a living as a neuromorphetomist.
Leonan Kwarr was born on the 13th of June 1980 and plays sport Wh.
Shantear Trilan, a Vapormage, died on 1988-02-14.
Salvitu Velau was born on 28 April 1960 and has the occupation of Hanessa.
Chryse Folee was born in Condemarche and is employed by Natomar Global.
Xander Foyal's father is Quintin Yoson, who held the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin.
Gevril Eino is a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his sport is Wastl.
Nash Zuenir is a Shizuka Caoimhin and plays for the Sport Quorach.
Isca Anxin was born in 1996 and has the occupation of Tryianna Kinchon.
Fironia Towx was born on 30th August 1867 and is a Boundary Agent.
Amunda Lune is a native speaker of Tohmema and her occupation is Egbert Rutnar.
Dakron Sater is an Elixirer and plays Wigglytoss.
Gevril Eino was born on 22nd October 1899 and was nominated for the Last Baunt Award.
Orgo Lorin was born in Brightside Valley and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Isca Anxin is a native Brockilian speaker and a carpentry consultant.
Emrica Note, which has a mass of 83.0 kilograms, is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Jorja Zerne is an Asherl and her writing language is Arzundar.
Nonos Quier was born in Jardasburg and makes his living as a Firefox.
Nolin Haran was born on 30th September 1986 in Mazelolle.
Daron Bidor, who died of Podolosis, had a doctorate in reflexology.
Aloro Zon was born on 25th March 2015 and his occupation is Umamma Javivi.
Comad Wimble was born in Roimots and is an Ethercrafter who played in the 2050-51 Graviton Cup.
Novou Krosle was born in Gersven and died in Monarvia. He was a carpentry consultant.
Dana Grago, who weighs 76.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2077-78 Chroma Series and ended his career in 2010.
Niall MacCarver was the occupation of Payda Ploce, who died on 1985-11-18 in Santonnisio.
Kory Darvan was a Core Cartographer who died of Exaspolip on 0902-11-25.
Liath Torec, who weighs 79.0 kilograms, is a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI and his native language is Jabdil.
21st June 1882 born Dakron Sater is a Lavosch Mauric and a participant in the 2033-34 Flux Tournament.
Majeron Vlare was born in Tessaunt and died in Monarvia. He was a stonefinder.
Atok Gesse, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, is a Shizuka Caoimhin and a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Koxin Daou was born on 24 June 1942 and is a Pathfinder who has competed in Erobran Athletics.
Liairna Anatle is a liquidator who plays Wastl and is a member of the Liquid Aqualete team.
Coltion Gowvan was born on 26 March 1879 and is a participant in Stair Racing. He also plays Floorkin.
Elignoth Schade was born on 21 June 1789 and is a Thamteist. He was a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Aloro Zon was born on 30 August 1981 and is an Akoloni speaker. He was a miner.
Jacee Mel was born on 31 October 1961 and died in Cunjorola. He was a Verseiver.
Narina Orga, an automaton trader, died on 1986-05-11 in Roimots.
Montanul Shorn was born on the 14th of October 1899 and died on the 22nd of December 1987. He was a modulator.
Rechart Skyel, a Raventender, has a mass of 68.0 kilograms and was a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Fironia Towx is an Ornisonologist who weighs 80.0 kilograms and uses the Sport Clomper.
Elzer Padon is an Inkerman who wrote the book Aeronauts in the language of Nelmorith.
Frox Haria was born in Ziefenthalsberg and is a reactecher who participated in Czenzomar.
Kins Mixin Orsh was a student of Anzil Davryn, who was born in Mon and died in Santonnisio.
Koxin Daou was born in Weischerland and is a participant in Trimpulse. He is employed by Above Approach.
Celt Saffron was born in 1991 in Kaleshire. She is a Preena Kossary.
Daron Bidor was born in Modrao and weighs 113.0 kilograms. He plays Jumbletag.
Xerain Louve was born in 1995 and is married to Cantan Joron. He is a Glaze Welder.
Kleio Awine, who worked in Santonnisio, died on 1937-09-20 and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard.
Telion Trame was born on the 17th of October 1972 and has a mass of 159.0 kilograms. He has the medical condition of Quaraeocrona.
Orman Saat was a labyrinthologist who died of Wolerelopic Coronatiny and Narirrapture.
Avaneon Veinn is a Horizon Stitcher who is 120.0 kilograms and speaks Arzundar.
Vico Iolle, who is a member of the Erobran Athletics Club, weighs 60.0 kilograms and plays sport catchcrawl.
Orgo Lorin was born in Mervastor and weighs 86.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the Ignatus Cup.
Orman Saat was born in Khvorost and makes a living as an Inkerman. He has the pseudonym Syndrye.
Emryna Nwinki, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, is a participant in the Aqu sport of Catchcrawl.
Fironia Towx is a Preena Kossary who works for the employer, Readeria Solutions. He held the position of Rodur Gifford.
Assova Amevis was born on 21 November 1935 and is a Keepmancer who has participated in Erobran Atheletics.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Vissamie and is a reality builder who participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Brineon Darka was born on 5th August 1862, has a mass of 93.0 kgs and his native language is Tohmema.
Arrya Nihte was born in Meadowsweet and his work is in Sprythron. He was written in the language of Nelmorith.
Sessas Neilo was born on 25th November 1902 and died at the Powerfly Speedway. He was a Caverneer.
Racso Delain was born in Assymptol County and died in Kawihekon Reserve. He was an Evangelist of Devotion.
Assova Amevis was born in Vesemana and is a Pumptioner who uses the Sanctum D'Accordo language.
Egor Jipen was a Pentavurner and a Roboticist who died in Salarinn.
Farmer Mesten is a Wavehunter who has the religion of Preestism and is a participant in Yo.
Nolin Haran was born in Bronzetown District and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He also plays sport Clomper.
Agletha participant and labyrinthologist, Gateyon Rious, was born in Grammowka.
Nash Zuenir, who is a participant in Erobran Atheletics, has a mass of 70.0 kilograms and his native language is Valuyah.
Rechart Skyel was born on 22nd October 1973 and died in a Narirrapture. He was commissioned by Copper Bastion Cross.
Chroto Xajean, a Bouncethraw player, has the rank of Brigadier and is a participant in the Erobran Atheletics.
Wanaonta Ismon was born on 1959-02-03 in Rataze and is employed by Omplex Software.
Halexaina Reian was born on 1847-04-12. She is a native speaker of the Labrunish language and her occupation is Asherl. She also writes in the same language.
Raeon Parvas is a Chromusher who has a son called Egor Jipen. Egor Jipen has works in the New Light Pavilion and died in Mirrarren.
Jaro Tynos was born on 11 October 1963 in Marsillio District. He is a Chaostamer and has participated in the Doododmil Olympiad.
Gule Yarcon, who died in Daren, was a Grand Cruader and the Voice of the Wetlands. His father was Racso Delain.
Ryteon Vem was born on 22nd October 1973 in Hathorb. He is a barzix who works in the Normocytic Refractory Patch.
Makin Grinyon was born on 1978-10-17 and is a participant in Agletha. He is an Enigma and is sponsored by Eskeer Installations.
Racso Delain was born in Grenwick and his occupation is Nalie Zandee. He is an avanicologist and his employer is Tuliot Private University.
Xander Foyal was born in Felcrenna and is a plasmacaster. He also works as a Glaze Welder and a Z.
Fretheon Rykne was born on 23 January 1883 in Bleslea. He is a participant in Trimpulse and his sport is Bubblechase.
Saham Fliind was born in Opalaura on 3 February 2005. He was a Koral and died in a Narirrapture.
Nolin Haran was born in Clarreesse on 1984-03-26. He was married to Marcil Varcin and died on 1879-03-26.
Jaron Lodolms is the occupation of Liath Torec, who was born in Xocotmax and died in San. He is a relative of Karile Finik.
Brevin Jakule was born in the Usustol region and died from Syleliosis. He was a spaceport technician and his wife was Racso Delain.
Comad Wimble was born in Fergieau and died in Everfeather Graveyard. He was married to Gule Yarcon and his occupation was a Plasmacaster.
Montanul Shorn was born in Sanzoana and his occupation is Cryptolithographer. He is a participant in Aqu and his mass is 66.0 kilogram.
Brevin Jakule was a Colonel Siow and his military rank is Brigantine. He was the Archon of the Queen and his place of burial is Celestial Cross Mount.
Amunda Lune was born in Vogaalen and is married to Zannes Sorem. He has a mass of 83.0 kilograms and was a participant in the Wintert.
Jaro Tynos was born in Neverside on 21 June 1882. He was a Resonatrix and was nominated for the Last Baunt Award.
Koson Marqo was born in Brightside Valley and died in Carival. He was a Boundary Agent employed by The Tradestone Institute.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Galereon and is a preest. He works in the field of Avryze and his occupation is Dr. Frandorak.
Netom Ecil, who was married to Ouashti Osarum, has a father named Narina Orga. He died in the Brimbleby Dashway and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard.
Ranor Ondale was born on the 17th of October 1972. He is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and worked in Mornevet. He is a participant in the Starfall Doctrine.
Tuxin Fohean is a curator of souls who weighs 70.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2077-78 Chroma Series and his sport is Turnnag.
Orgo Lorin was born in Cystlria and lives in Glofforton. He is a Dreamshaper and has works in the collection of the Hisaric National Museum.
Gevril Eino was born on 22nd October 1973 and his occupation is a labyrinthologist. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and his mother is Norka Elore.
KinsMixin Orsh was born on 1973-04-01. He has a mass of 75.0 kilograms and plays Quorach. He was a participant in the 2063-64 Void Cup.
Geboren Chasim was born on 31 January 1884 and died on 28 April 1960. He had the father Quintin Yoson, who was married to Fessenan Dan.
Isca Anxin is the son of Brineon Darka, who is a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty. Brineon Darka's wife is Orman Saat and his child is Avaneon Veinn.
Coltion Gowvan, who has a mass of 75.0 kilograms, is a participant in Floourning. He has an ethnic group called Decima and his father is Nolin Haran.
Winin Max was born on 1904-04-06 in Kenspott. He is a databinding engineer and works for Velospherics.
Liairna Anatle is a student of Erjano Metcan, who in turn, is a student of Zireen William. Zireen William was born in Sanzoana and his teacher is Salvitu Velau.
Coicus Wilon was born in Bronzetown District and his mass is 62.0 kilograms. He is a Calabre Jadon and he is a participant in the Horizon Blitz Berlin Marathon.
Holo Norvah was born on 1956-12-22 and has the religion Thamteism. He is related to Aderon Feenon, a curator of souls.
1. Eustathios Stathen is a member of the Quicon Radorr and Cadin Sullivan occupations. He is a notable work of The Labyrinth of the Golden Witch and is a member of the genre The Secure Galaxy.
Zozo Isandria was born in Tessaunt and is a relative of Lohant Taelyn. He is a preceptor inventor and plays netbend.
Frox Haria, who died of a mysterious cause, was married to Marcil Varcin. He had a child called Enna Ceana and his father was Blither Xesto.
Doness Veron was born in Reymary and has 2 children. She is a glasnaar drawer and her notable work is Mystic Garden.
Brineon Darka has a child called Avaneon Veinn who is married to Koxin Daou. Koxin Daou is in Zozo Island and died in Gravenstein.
Nipher Ylize is a Vagrantor who plays for the Magroros Rovers team. He is a participant in the Liquid Aqualete sport and his sport is Bouncethraw.
Norka Elore is a Calabre Jadon and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He is different from Dana Grago who is a Wastl athlete.
Little Karm was born in Santonnisio and is a participant in the Wintert. He is a Boundary Agent and plays Little Karm Sport Bouncethraw.
Novou Krosle is a Rhipneon Bessier who studied at the feet of Zozo Isandria. He was buried at the Sanctum Basilica.
Frox Haria was born in Grov and died in Grov. He was a Minister Emeritus and was buried in the Remnantellica Sanctum.
Anzil Davryn was born in Phrazine and his occupation was a Stellar Scribe. He played Clomper and ended his career in 2014.
Leonan Kwarr was born in Grov on 1821-04-09. He was a doctor and died on 1836-02-10.
Aloro Zon was born on 23 December 1790 in Placikine. He was an Interval Eclipse Batcher and held the position of High Archevêque.
Celt Saffron was born on 11th April 2013 and has the notable work of Azibek. His father is Chryse Folee, a Canvascarver.
Enna Ceana was born on 7th December 1969 and is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. He was nominated for the Snazzurf Grammy and his unmarried partner is Nolin Haran.
Sliman Sing was born on 3 February 2005 and his occupation is Julian Tresco. He is a writer in the Zalevith language and his field of work is Naricialia.
Nesett Nialan, who died in Iraation, was a Downeyedenist and was nominated for the Palm of Purity. He had a sibling called Jeccig Viidon.
Aderon Feenon was born on 1947-05-15 and died on 1903-10-11. He was a Stellar Scribe and was nominated for the Palm of Purity. He had a sibling named Sessas Neilo.
Comad Wimble was born in Juwaasa and died in Selmentia. He was an elemental image manipulator and was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery. His father was Leonan Kwarr.
Zannes Sorem was born on 1903-10-11. He was an Embarker and his notable work was the Search for Infinity. He died in the Trancept Tangle Incident in 1975.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on 21 June 1789 in Kresya. He is married to Elai Shorce and has a child called Elignoth Schade. His father is Jakarso Sminex.
Baba Anate was born on 30th June 1893 in Yimby. He was a procellarist and his native language was Ourobuk. He also wrote in Ourobuk.
Kleio Awine, who has the pseudonym Frupopp, is a participant in the Ignatus Cup. He has a mass of 79.0 kilograms and his occupation is Umamma Javivi. He is a relative of Blither Xesto.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Salarinn and died in Glofforton. He was married to Novou Krosle and held the position of Vorsin Jax. His father was Gateyon Rious.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Ambryville and died at Clearwater Falls. He was a participant in the Quom and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum.
Lohant Taelyn was born on the 5th of August, 1992. He is an Illiongah native and has a medical condition called Aspuchinosis. He is an automaton trader and held the position of Deput Armandar.
Arrya Nihte was born in Ehlanth and has a child called Comad Wimble. He plays Clomper and is a Zorbin Chancelor. He was a participant in the 2009-10 Loop Cup.
Ranett Mosv was born in Wyckhill and is a Neuromantic. He is married to Kins Mixin Orsh and his native language is Gesellan. Kins Mixin Orsh is buried in Siegfried's Shadow.
Fenen Donco is a Barzix and his wife is Elignoth Schade. They have a son called Sliman Sing. He is a mutatorsymbiosis and his writing language is Sanctum D'Accordo.
Egor Jipen was born in Sciatrum and is married to Raeon Parvas. He has a child called Halexaina Reian. Egor Jipen is a Scionerge and his employer is Grotsky Region University.
Geboren Chasim was born in Papaya Verde and died in Iraation. He was married to Nipher Ylize and held the position of President of Vorkin. He was buried in Tombyard Hills.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Caerusia and his mother is Geboren Chasim. Daron Bidor is the husband of Geboren Chasim and Yocuim Ticor is his son.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Papaya Verde and died in Charzarn. He held the position of Thaeya Gaarne and died from Syleliosis.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Rapsancie and died in 1200. He was a Horizon Stitcher and had a child called Telion Trame and a mother called Brineon Darka.
Moirux Heylin was born on 3 February 2005 and died on 31 December 2006. He was a member of the Visaty workforce and was a Sacredonist. He was buried in Tombyard Hills.
Aderon Feenon was born in Vedronas and his father is Isca Anxin. He was married to Roeran Nadays and has a child called Zekato. He was the Primoris Captain.
Rechart Skyel was born in 1250 and died in 1161. He was a jazzonova soundsmith and had a sibling named Elzer Padon.
Moollim Leesom was born on 1974-08-01 in Yurinoki. He weighs 71.0 kilograms, has the blood type Seduvo and plays Quorach.
Socal Amell is a character in the series "Legends of the Ancient World". He has a wife called Saham Fliind and a child called Leonan Kwarr. His parents are Aderon Feenon and Egor Jipen.
Shanteer Trilan is the father of Lesollax Neais and has a son called Quintin Yoson. He is also the husband of Caro Nemeo and has a daughter called Yocuim Ticor. Thoras Baras is married to Caro Nemeo and has a son called Yocuim Ticor.
Roeran Nadays was born on the 12th of December 1723 and died on the 14th of November 1922. He was a Shade Watersmith and worked in Retmodern. He had a sibling called Balamor Donae.
Coicus Wilon was born on 14 October 1899. He was a chrysmic and a member of the Boscaret Etiquette. He worked in the field of Infiniva and was married to Koxin Daou.
Greyno Ash has the father, Ohleen Ranon, who has the wife, Jeccig Viidon. Farmer Mesten is the mother of Ohleen Ranon and Baba Anate is her child.
Koxin Daou was born on 24 June 1942 and died on 26 November 1964. He held the position of Protector of the Celestial Waters and had the child Kory Darvan. His mother was Elzer Padon.
Hadan Takeon was born in Drekkon and weighs 55.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Aqu and his occupation is Calabre Jadon. He plays Catchcrawl.
Marcil Varcin was born in 1923 and died in Galereon. He was a Brigadier and held the position of High Locus. He died in a Trancept Tangle Incident.
Payda Ploce was born on 1862-02-14 in Drekkon. He is a member of the religion of Sacredonism and his occupation is that of a Radioreportor.
Ayre Zhirina was born in 1999 and his father is Nesett Nialan. He is an Interval Eclipse Batcher and his sister is Krant Nemol who is employed by Yithastal University of Social Sciences.
Torin Yosh was born on 12th September 1921 and died on 10th January 1949 in Benudale. He was married to Baba Anate and was nominated for the Kaltix Goldstein Prize for Outstanding Visual Achievements.
Karile Finik was a commander of exile who died on 1997-02-10 in Pytalmore. He was a native speaker of Sanctum D'Accordo and had a doctorate in Degronidarian.
Anzil Davryn was born on 3rd September 1957 and died in Drastron. He was a dissembler who was nominated for the Kaltix Goldstein Prize for Outstanding Visual Achievements. He was different from Torin Yosh.
Vico Iolle was born on 20 January 1993 in Gu. He weighs 87.0 kilograms and is a Slinkjump. He was a participant in the 2029-30 Varia Slam.
Zannes Sorem was born in Drekkon on 1836-02-10. He is a Roostereye and weighs 55.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the Aqu.
Arzundar is the native language of Henes Kimel, who is a writer. He is also an Alvry and is married to Little Karm, who is a member of the Aptoinyon field of work.
Assova Amevis was a member of the Glofforton community and died in the Palazzo Chevala. He was a follower of the religion of Naturevinity and was nominated for the Palm of Purity. He was consecrated by Aidah Lerel.
Asthona Meyas is the father of Euler Toven. He was married to Xander Foyal and has a child called Raeon Parvas. He held the position of Calvus and his mother is Isca Anxin.
Ouashti Osarum was born in Grov and held the position of Esoteric Oracle. He was married to Balamor Donae, who has Diathan Sarnon for a father and is a Ravager.
Ryteon Vem is a participant in Hydrandar Conclave and was a member of the Orare Subdeacons. He worked in Glofforton and died from Blisarov-Malecoron. He was a nominee for the Ark of Harmony.
Kory Darvan, who held the position of Grand Justice of the Southrealm, was married to Onenza Zat. He had a child called Anzil Davryn and his father was Kevalon Nemes. He also had a sibling called Aderon Feenon.
Emryna Nwinki was born on 22nd October 1899 in Wintertop. He is a carpentry consultant who uses the Uriyen language.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Klerahena and died in Glofforton. He was the Commander of Exile. Fironia Towx is his mother and Caro Nemeo is her son.
Novou Krosle was born on May 13th, 1984 and died on February 10th, 1997 in Elsinhore. He was a writer in the Nelmorith language and was an Alazier Baldin.
Jorel Calyon was born in Wintertop on 1904-12-05. He is a native speaker of Labrunish and his occupation is Asherl.
Elignoth Schade is married to Gevril Eino and his father is Sliman Sing. Sliman Sing was the Magistrate of Might and his child is Socal Amell. His mother is SeSimon Ymve.
Liath Torec was born on 15th May 0947. He is married to Amunda Lune and has a child called Enna Ceana. He was a nominee for the Asalah Taha occupation.
Candiba Sadol was born in Tifurney and died in Placikine. He was the Chancellor of Stronica and his mother was Holo Norvah.
Assova Amevis, who died in Mervastor, was a Harshbi writer and Alvry. He is known as Klabitz and is buried in the Lavender Gardens Cemetery.
Ayre Zhirina was a Ciftima Yarnz and a Sunwardine. He was a native speaker of Ourobuk and played the Thmonas. He died on 1942-06-24 in Wayfield.
Atok Gesse was born in Okenkrad and died in Remembrance Hill. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and his father was Balamor Donae. His mother was Frox Haria, who had a child named Dana Grago.
Ouashti Osarum is the father of Soner Onnawe, who was born in Cleyon. He was the Martyr King and his siblings were Chroto Xajean and Onenza Zat. His mother was Amon Ducam.
Stonefinder, Nonos Quier, was born in Eledleah and is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. He is married to Koson Marqo and has a child called Enna Ceana. His mother is Jorel Calyon.
Tula Nidello was born on 22nd September 1896 in June Lake. He was a Koral and his native language was Uriyen. He was married to Fessenan Dan, who wrote in Uriyen.
Dantor Pauran was born in Murmeron Manor and died in Clapham Oasis. He was a Cryptolithographer and an Inace Gorplen. He was buried in Allendale Cathedral.
Daron Bidor was married to Racso Delain and his father was Doness Veron. Doness Veron was a virtual technician and held the position of Hafzen. He died on 1847-04-12. Erjano Metcan was his sibling.
Vico Iolle was born in Hycilo and his native language is Ourobuk. He has 2 children and his occupation is Alvry. He has a wife called Yiprun Iriles and his mother is Cantan Joron.
Doness Veron was born on 19 May 1326 and died in Carival. He was a rumbulator and a mask singer and his musical genre was Xedovita. He was a native speaker of Zalevith.
Salvitu Velau was born on April 1, 1973 and died on November 18, 1985. He was a curator of souls and was given the title of Gauthier DeCourto. He was buried in St. Ursula's Cathedral.
Zannes Sorem was born in Glofforton and his father is Ouashti Osarum. Ouashti Osarum was married to Arrya Nihte and his position was that of Astral Soothsayer. Tuxin Fohean is Ouashti Osarum's child and his mother is Arrya Nihte.
1737-09-09 born Oshedon Zaqar was a Pentavurner who worked in Omnivolisticology. He was a member of The Congregation of St. Basil's and died in Ehlanth. His father was Ethar Gilme.
Dovay Ezzio was born on 1919-01-15 in Reymary. He is a caravanner and his sport is gloofing. He is a participant in the Catazik International Cycling. He weighs 72.0 kilograms.
Fironia Towx was born in an unknown place and died in Cleyon. He was married to Malonor Vosse and had a child called Netom Ecil and a sibling called Roka Maram. His father was Sliman Sing.
Zireen William was a midwoodsman who died on 1988-02-14. He was a Gerum and worked for Fancienance University as a Vabal Collection. He was also interested in fossilized Xenobiology.
Mallen Reyvas is a character who held the position of Jariel. He has a father named Nolin Haran and a mother called Anix Tisge. Anix Tisge has a child called Henes Kimel, who has a sibling called Xander Foyal. Henes Kimel is a member of the Vasily Claw family.
Dana Grago was born on the 7th of March 1987. He is a member of the Amanica religion and held the position of Terik Trennah. He is the employer of Sentricus Borough Public University and his sister is Arabon Sanle. His relative is Dovay Ezzio.
Marcil Varcin was born in Pytalmore and his parents are Avaneon Veinn and Doness Veron. He has a child called Yiprun Iriles who is married to Greyno Ash and held the position of Alconius.
Montanul Shorn was a Corga who worked for the Greyson College of Arts and Sciences. He was married to Jacee Mel and died on 1939-11-24. He was influenced by Liairna Anatle and his native language was Shifarch.
Zannes Sorem is a native of Sergatia and his father is Novou Krosle. He is a spin circuit probeologist and a Zooticulist. He has written Atlantis's Echoes and his language is Sergatian.
Aidah Lerel was born in Altoirnat and is a member of the religious order of The Flock of Flying Friars. He worked as an Ortalaric Frictionologist and his notable work includes the field of Ortalaric Frictionology. He has a child named Narina Orga and his student is Netom Ecil.
Ryteon Vem is a character in the Folded Expanses Inc. company. He is a Quonastran and his religion is Veyndra. He is an offspring and his occupation is Pongul Bamoke. He is a member of the Akoloni writing community.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Santonnisio and was a Boundary Agent. He was an Alexanderian and wrote in Sanctum D'Accordo. One of his notable works is The Secret Treasures of Pangaeum.
Majeron Vlare was born on 21 November 1935 in Charzarn. He was a shimmer mechanic and worked in Cystlria. He had a child called Balamor Donae who later became a Zemmnelfo.
Sliman Sing is a Decima language writer who has been published in Lumen V. He is a flaine argis and has a wife named Gevril Eino and an unmarried partner named Chryse Folee.
Wanaonta Ismon was born on 30 May 1975 and his occupation is highbrow. He has a sister called Shanteer Trilan and his father is Fenen Donco, who has the mother Farmer Mesten.
Xerain Louve was born on 8th June 1997 and died on 11th April 2013. He was a Lexyni and was married to Candiba Sadol. Candiba Sadol was a magiotechnician and died of Xiphantocephalia.
Baba Anate was a Mistkeeper who studied under Kory Darvan. He had a father named Jeccig Viidon and a mother named Emryna Nwinki, who was married to Jorja Zerne. Baba Anate died in Nautonna.
Celt Saffron was born on 09/09/1737 and his father is Geboren Chasim. He is a Databinding Engineer and has a child called Toveg Mayf. He has participated in Sumyryn Summit and held the position of Magi Saint.
Isca Anxin was born in Pytalmore and died in Stanislava Rozoux. He had 3 children, one of which was Enna Ceana. He worked for 3875 years.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Ardensux and died on 1953-06-12. He was a Battle Colonel and was married to Yiprun Iriles. He had a son named Kole Maasing and his father was Voqril Ervel.
Racso Delain is the father of Jeccig Viidon, who worked for Avimbi Publishers. Jeccig Viidon held the position of Ambassador Balthazar Giraudon and has works in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections. The Plasmic Curse is a notable work of Jeccig Viidon, who died in Apresyl.
Shanteer Trilan was born in Tracostell and is a Stellar Scribe. He is related to Candiba Sadol and his sister is Elignoth Schade. Elignoth Schade is married to Dauton Lasse and his language is Shifarch.
Yocuim Ticor was born on 23rd September 1944. He is a Fjolaball player and his occupation is Victor Hallback. He is a Shifarch writer and his father is Raeon Parvas, who weighs 213 pounds.
Leonan Kwarr was born in Sanzoana and died on 1964-11-26. He was a Bluesaunaist and worked as an automaton trader. He held the position of Reckonable Courtier and was married to Dracon Yialon.
Koxin Daou is a plasmacaster who works in Erbalin. He is a student of Wanaonta Ismon and is employed by the Ockrigen Institute. He is a finalist for the Infiuinosy award.
Baba Anate is a master biologist who was a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty. He was the King Galvithen and his Noble title is Emperor Caledus. He has a sister called Jara Lumon and his Godparent is Winin Max.
Chryse Folee was a Calvanatheist and worked for the Cariston College of Arts and Sciences. He was a Nalie Zandee and held the position of Tyralt. He worked in Atrenon and died from Narirrapture.
Vackeron Bline was born in Kiyokaze and died in Effulgence. He was a member of the Dimbagolian ethnic group and his occupation was Stanislava Rozoux. He worked for 3875 years. One of his notable works was Road to Revolution.
Euler Toven was born in Tidarnof and died in Fetterhallen. He was a Liquidator and had 2 children, Brevin Jakule. Euler Toven's religion is Mantrastianism.
Krant Nemol was born in Eparoten and died in the same place. He had a child named Jakarso Sminex. Jakarso Sminex was a master biologist and held the position of Master Primus. He died on 1992-08-05.
Jaro Tynos was a member of the Plutonian Unity Party and died on 1935-11-21. He was married to Kleio Awine and worked in Grombraide. He was a student of Kory Darvan.
Kole Maasing was born on 25 December 1932 in Ny and died from Blisarov-Malecoron. He was a member of the Democratabs and held the position of Bryndon Levenson. He had a child called Little Karm and his mother was Sliman Sing.
Cantan Joron was born on 22 February 1875 and has the nickname of Plicsox. He is married to Brineon Darka and has 3 children. He is a Gosaika Beat and his relative is Arrya Nihte.
Phrascy Yavon is a carpentry consultant who was a member of the Calvanatheism religion. He is an Ardoranist and was a member of the Meryll Radley position. He was nominated for the Ray and has a sister called Lohant Taelyn.
Dovay Ezzio is a member of the Trimpulse and has the medical condition of Aspuchinosis. He is a Skeptisopia and has the religion The Divine Plumbline. He is married to Ayre Zhirina and has a sister called Chryse Folee.
Fenen Donco was born in Jibnagar Municipality and died on 1434-03-14. He was a Preena Kossary and his religion was Jubelen. He graduated from Sentricus Borough Public University with a doctorate in Sippel.
Xerain Louve is a Mymahley speaking writer who was born in the Nocturnal Oracles. He is married to Phrascy Yavon and has a father named Montanul Shorn. He has worked for the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and was nominated for the Souverin Stone.
Candiba Sadol was born in Korfolmeimerstadt and is a member of the Voklech Parliamentarians. He is a participant in the Olafashonka General Election and holds the position of Minesh Parekh. He is a follower of the religion of Downeyedenism and is located in Fustetra.
Anix Tisge was born on January 14th, 1982 and died on May 13th, 1984. He was a shimmer mechanic who worked for Bihorel University. He had a sibling named Royne Balre and died in Pyrzor.
Arabon Sanle was a white esperance who worked in Gubertius. He was married to Halexaina Reian and died of Qweenoox cancer in Monarvia. He is buried in Tombyard Hills.
Socal Amell was born on 17th September 1977 in Grov. He was a Boundary Agent and worked in Shehophetica. He was a member of the military and held the rank of Blindon. He was the President of Glorina Grasso. The native language of Socal Amell is Sanctum D'Accordo.
Kevalon Nemes was born on 30 June 1893 in Korfolmeimerstadt. He was a Septagauger and worked in Elodia. He was a participant in Czenzomar and was affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians. He held the position of Emissary of Esar.
Liairna Anatle was born on 30 December 1844 and has the occupation of Plasmacaster. He is a participant in the Garciallero Speedway Ranking and his sport is Bouncethraw. He has the religion of Fegishion and his unmarried partner is Frox Haria. His mother is Corad Creson.
Zozo Isandria is a Floorkin player and his religion is Fegishion. He has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and his occupation is an anchorblocker. He is married to Royne Balre and his father is Ryteon Vem. Zozo Isandria is a participant in the Tour du Grand Cayenne.
Yocuim Ticor was a reality builder who worked in the field of Tohmema. He was married to Nonos Quier and died in Thurmond's Bank. He was a Djottinite and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on 31 August 1867 in Fyozzle. He was a virtual technician and died on 14 February 1988. He had a sister called Raeon Parvas, who was born in Fyozzle and died on 14 February 1988. Raeon Parvas's mother was Zireen William and his father was Thoras Baras.
Roeran Nadays was born in Succorburn and has the pseudonym of Plicsox. He is a labyrinthologist and his musical genre is Kivivy. He is influenced by Nash Zuenir and his mother is Henes Kimel. He plays the Supralupacites.
Netom Ecil was born in Voloona and died on 22 February 1875. He was a Synthezosaur and died of Syleliosis. He was an Ulfarolle and died by Effulgence.
Tula Nidello was a Horizon Stitcher and a Fluidolytics worker. He was married to Nash Zuenir and died of Vurothor. He was employed by Markton University and worked in Bergundon. He was a Magna Purus nominee.
Geboren Chasim was born to Aderon Feenon and died on 30th December 2006. He was a curator of souls and was influenced by Chayneal Ersh. He had Frageeno as a medical condition.
Shakuzic musician and Plectrodus player, Nonos Quier was born in Reymary. He is a Koral and has a child called Shanteer Trilan. He is a member of the religion Ekthelism and has an unmarried partner called Dantor Pauran.
Little Karm was born on 1762-10-18 and died on 1993-01-20. He was a convertionist who worked for SkyLock Consolidated and was influenced by Avaneon Veinn. Avaneon Veinn has a sibling named Quintin Yoson.
Malonor Vosse was a student of Raeon Parvas and was influenced by Assova Amevis. He was a Newardship and his religion was Ovishectus. He was born to Fessenan Dan and died in Apresyl. He wrote in the Illiongah language.
Elzer Padon was born in Drastron and died in Rekindled Sands. He was a student of Makin Grinyon and his occupation was an energy weaver. He was a member of the Nightra and his father was Celt Saffron.
Frox Haria is a musician who plays the Onchilas. He has 5 children and is married to Balamor Donae. He has worked as an Alvry and was a crew member of the Expedition Exo-7. He has been nominated for the Slinktup Award and has the medical condition of Abjidurian.
Anzil Davryn was born to Jeccig Viidon and died in Chrysalis Hall. He was a participant in the Athienor Conclave and held the position of Kalonzo. He was nominated for Ray and was consecrated by Eustathios Stathen. He was depicted by Chasma Mysterii.
Filounton Bonen is a neuromantic who works in Curvomentics. He is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and his employer is Padplek Ventures. He has a Sarkatology degree and his mother is Emryna Nwinki. He has a sibling named Elzer Padon.
Geboren Chasim is a databinding engineer who has a Prefiology degree. He is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and his notable work is FluxHub. He is a Gilkenet and his employer is Stepsolve Ventures. His sister is Shanteer Trilan.
Xander Foyal was born in Furanodu and is a native speaker of Vieberast. He worked in Asperanis and held the position of Bunesh Halaeg. He has a child named Racso Delain and his mother is Phillida Tesey. He was a participant in Czenzomar.
Celt Saffron is a Volapte artist who has a child called Orgo Lorin. He is married to Lesollax Neais and has a sibling called Quintin Yoson. He is also the partner of Remol Certran and his occupation is Jaron Lodolms. He is a member of the Nouri Kitsch movement.
Lohant Taelyn was born on 10 February 1997 and is a member of the Djottinites ethnic group. He is a Liquidator and his religion is Sacredonism. He is married to Xerain Louve and his musical genre is Light of Elysian.
Balamor Donae was born on 30th June 1893 in Bravor. He was influenced by Torin Yosh and his notable work is "Angel of the Deluge". He was a Vergrate and died on 4th April 1945 in Effulgence.
Voqril Ervel was born on 1862-02-14 and died on 1978-10-17. He was an energy weaver and his musical genre was P. He was influenced by Gevril Eino and his notable work was the Moon Rose Melodies. Voqril Ervel has works in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Atok Gesse is a Burlythoom musician who is a member of the Invanequi Phenomenon. He plays the Krefluk and is a Kriil Zalumb. He has performed the Magnus Opera and is in the Fronabalt Archive. He is depicted by Celestial Magic.
1933-05-15 born Shanteer Trilan was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and has works in the Avaris Vault and the Calendarian Library. He is the son of Lerois Lonol and has a notable work called Luke's House of Worship.
Caro Nemeo is a writer of the Tohmema language and has 4 children, Dracon Yialon, Zabrina Nez, Meruroros Athletic and Deput Chocoy. He is currently working in Chappelles.
Coltion Gowvan is a fictional character who was written in the Vieberast language. He was born in the city of Arboreal Joycard and his father is Montanul Shorn. He has a sister called Yiprun Iriles and a child called Racso Delain. He was nominated for the Ray and his godparent is Marcil Varcin.
Shanteer Trilan is a Voklech Parliamentarian and a participant in the Olafashonka General Election. He is the host of Harbingers and a manifester. He is interested in Eidvaar and has a child named Toveg Mayf. He is the sibling of Sessas Neilo.
Zoogren Stav is a Dismesmeister who works in Lylaside. He is married to Balamor Donae and has been a participant in Sumyryn Summit. He was nominated for the Blisful Chorale Music Award and has a notable work called Frostoidic.
Balamor Donae is a Quasipsychoanalytic Ravager who worked in Mialton. He was a Tzefira Volke and his work was at the Wald. He was depicted by Twilight Melody and was buried at the Zergo Memorial Hospital.
Sessas Neilo, who died in Zomaya arrondissement, was a musician and had the nickname Frupopp. He was the brother of Exar Sesar and the father of Fretheon Rykne. He played the Onchilas and performed Chacachassa music. He was a Vibravoice.
Quintin Yoson is a bluesaunaist and a Corvistone musician. He is an Orare Subdeacon and has a child named Winin Max. He has a medical condition called Didectophobia and wears Proxima Glasses. He is in the Oculai Foundation.
29 January 2012 was the date of the death of Emryna Nwinki in Vodolon. He was a highbrow and worked in the field of propulciarity. He was affiliated with the Rhoeblade Histories and his archives are located at the Osmanio Archives.
Onenza Zat is a marinegraphenic who is a member of the Adrhalon ethnic group. He is a writer of Schadic and is employed by Sentricus Borough Public University. He has worked in disguised treason and his archives are at the Osmanio Archives.
Kleio Awine was a thoughtkeeper who wrote in Akoloni. He was a member of the Silver collection and was nominated for the Souverin Stone. He was the son of Saham Fliind and had a sister named Caro Nemeo. He died in Chiraraveni.
Blither Xesto is a Preena Kossary who has a Precepteum academic degree. He is a member of the Feronia Synod and has a religion of Sunwardine. He is different from Jakarso Sminex.
Soner Onnawe was born in Antiramin and is a member of the Macaulian ethnic group. He worked in Pankiewka and was a member of the Sunspectrum Day. He was a Bishop Giuliano Pasquarello and was consecrated by Se Simon Ymve. He wrote in Sanctum D'Accordo.
Brineon Darka was born on 24 February 119. He is a Terashero and his occupation is Graftovel. He has a child called Koson Marqo and a sister called Fironia Towx. He is married to Atok Gesse and his archive is located at the Siskos Library.
Aidah Lerel was born in Bergstrasse Estates and has 0 children. He is a Columbophilologist and his employer is ~Finanzk. He is a participant in The Celestial Summit and his work place is Ziefenthalsberg. He has a sibling named Salvitu Velau.
Feal Woddon was born in Zergo Memorial Hospital and his mother is Filounton Bonen. He has a mass of 80.0 kilograms and his employer is Omnilux. He is a Scionerge and has a medical condition called Pulmonitrema. His eyes are Crimar.
Jeccig Viidon is a Conduit Dancer and a student of Asthona Meyas. He is a polymagnetic and his notable work is The Secret Treasures of Pangaeum. He has a Primareverse degree and his writing language is Vieberast. He is related to Eustathios Stathen.
Wanaonta Ismon is a Synestral Vesper who was born in Hopslash and died in the Moonlit Mausoleum. He was influenced by Farmer Mesten and was a notable work of art.
Ganasah Jilson was a Flaimite who worked in the field of Gl. He was born in Bengalono and was influenced by Wanaonta Ismon. He was the brother of Filounton Bonen and was buried in the Everfeather Graveyard. He ended his career in 2009.
Nash Zuenir was a star surround performer and a modesculpt. He was a member of the Decima ethnic group and his student was Fessenan Dan. He was married to Jaro Tynos and died in Bravor. He had works in the New Light Pavilion collection.
Dantor Pauran was a student of Cantan Joron and died on 1904-04-06. He was a member of the Invanequi Phenomenon and Surgeography movements. He wrote in the Illiongah language and ended his career in 1883. Dantor Pauran has works in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Sliman Sing was born on 22 February 1875 and is married to Thoras Baras. He has a child called Jara Lumon. He is a Surgeographer and has worked in Quarvon. He has a notable work called Cosmic Dialogue and his works are in the Mecha Legacies collection.
Aloro Zon was born in Lornodale and died in Effulgence. He was a Horizon Stitcher and Galuria artist who worked in the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Aloro Zon was from Cornac and his native language was Illiongah.
Vackeron Bline was born in Elondai and died in Lingborte. He was a notable work in the Feast of Colours and was a member of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He was a Winston Bascomb and had Skenfecks.
Fessenan Dan is a councilman of Elora and a participant in the Glitterock Summit. He is a Lionaldonist and his pet is Thaa. He is different from Gevril Eino and his notable work is Trek. He is related to Henes Kimel.
Quintin Yoson held the position of Emperor Caledus and Grand Vizor.
Zannes Sorem is a Glavom and a Conduit Dancer.
Ohleen Ranon held the position of High Priestess and Emperor Tarsin.
Baba Anate was a Monci Harvax who died in Pytalmore.
Jorja Zerne was born on March 15th 1868 and died on April 25th 1970.
Jacee Mel, who died in Grov, was the Emperor Dunvus.
Dana Grago was born in Borjinnee and is a Cadin Sullivan.
Nash Zuenir is a pastozygist and his occupation is Vikter Singh.
Telion Trame is a carpentry consultant who is a Hadesownist.
Krant Nemol is a member of the Velmira & Guril party and held the position of Emperor Dunvus.
Zireen William, who died in Rivivip, was a Cadin Sullivan.
Onenza Zat was born on 7th August 1966 in Azurna.
Jorel Calyon was born in Mervastor and has a career as a Maletia Blatchford.
Balamor Donae was born in Ratstein on July 6th 1975.
Bouncethraw player, Phrascy Yavon, was born in Larrella.
Roka Maram, who died in Rivivip, was a funkyourself.
Raeon Parvas is a fluviconographer who is also an Nzurdor.
Daron Bidor was born in Pytalmore and held the position of Emperor Antiochres.
Avaneon Veinn is a Draconius Estervan who works for Avant Justice.
Egor Jipen was born in Pruzila and died in Estradal.
Norka Elore has a father called Voqril Ervel, who has a mother called Fretheon Rykne.
Rechart Skyel was born on the 24th of August 2016 and his sport is Scatterbraid.
Aloro Zon was born in Forsanten and ended his career in 2018.
Exar Sesar was born in Valronstine and his native language is Trokwalda.
Dana Grago was a Professor Andrianus Tero who died on 1982-10-13.
Dantor Pauran was born in Follupd and is a Strandern.
Roka Maram is a sportsman who plays for Sprythron and is an Iganus Soori.
Corad Creson was a Vizier of Vision who died in Sciatrum.
Emrica Note was born in Visaty and died in Zayaco.
Aloro Zon was born on 6th May 1979 in the Usustol region.
Wolf Runan was born on 1971-04-01 and his occupation is Yzerous.
Emryna Nwinki is a Jelorin speaking Conduit Dancer.
Liath Torec is a Raventender who died of Ostendenteric Tauopathy.
Nesett Nialan is a plunger pilot who works for Pomefire Technologies.
Coltion Gowvan has a mass of 75.0 kilograms and is a sport wigglytoss.
Zireen William was born in Clarreesse and is a Shimmer Mechanic.
Aidah Lerel is a participant in the Glacial Gold Trials and her occupation is Xenstar.
Blither Xesto was born in Xors and has works in the New Light Pavilion.
Fenen Donco was an energy weaver who died an unknown date.
Parem Ripin was a Fie who died on 1922-08-23.
Ayre Zhirina was born in Ambryville and uses the Semplin language.
Vackeron Bline is a master biologist who writes in Jeldarian.
Gevril Eino was born on 24th September 1834 and was a participant in the 2082-83 Chromonia Derby.
Malonor Vosse was born in Clarreesse and is an energy weaver.
Gule Yarcon is a dezhen Qandsql who is a participant in maze trampolining.
Thoras Baras was born on 24 August 1899 and is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist.
Rechart Skyel died on 1959-01-05 in Santonnisio.
Jaro Tynos was born in the Rainbow Meadow and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Phillida Tesey was born on 23 March 1022 and was buried at the Celestial Cross Mount.
Jara Lumon was born in Venalla and his native language is Luitousian.
Ouashti Osarum is a Raventender who played Bubblechase in the 2077-78 Chroma Series.
Brineon Darka was born in Talisosa and is a Lunine Makonite who works for the Sarnata Technical Institute.
Gevril Eino was born in Ozergrad and is a participant in Erobran Athletics. He is also Shizuka Caoimhin.
Jorja Zerne was born on 20th September 1919 and is a participant in Erobran Athletics. He plays Clomper.
Phillida Tesey was born in Grov and died in the Temple of Caerna. She was a Zallis Fintea.
Neyre Ranalo and Quemortal athlete, Liath Torec, died on 1977-02-16.
Assova Amevis was born on 2003-07-19 in Forsanten and is a participant in Aqu.
Lohant Taelyn was a native of Sergatian and died in Ferroz. He was a Walanik.
Zannes Sorem was born on 18 February 1455 and is an Ecryth Lumus who has participated in Erobran Atheletics.
Tuliot Private University is the employer of Ranor Ondale, who was born in Talisosa and has the occupation of Norshena.
Tuliot Private University is the employer of Remol Certran, who was born in Cederville and is a participant in Trimpulse.
Celt Saffron was born in Loriaos and is a member of the Bremisimite religious order. He held the position of Trimenzo.
Born in Brazon Ville, Ranett Mosv died on 1956-08-17 and is in the Amagodox Library Archives.
Gule Yarcon was born on the 12th of August 2017. He is a native speaker of Manchillan and has the eye colour of Belluza.
Greyno Ash, who died in Sanzoana, was a student of Xander Foyal, a Diwattrian Morengin.
Elai Shorce, who is a Maon Wilburn, plays Mockridge and weighs 78.0 kilograms.
Elai Shorce was born in Svedopuslice and is a participant in the Aqu sport of Flighnap.
Orman Saat, born in Rostdalt, has a doctorate in Astralism and is a writer of Mystical Fables.
Kory Darvan, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, was a participant in the Aqu program and ended his career on 1980-06-13.
Atok Gesse was a Preceptor Inventor who was born in Elonza and died in Rencanto.
Dantor Pauran, a native of Elonza, was a roboticist who died in Pratara.
Diathan Sarnon is an energy weaver who works in Myrtristine and writes in Zendasian.
Farmer Mesten, who died of autorecapiscular, was a Zarahemla My and held the position of Lorvan Navasi.
Ayre Zhirina was born on 18 February 1455 and is married to Jorja Zerne. He is a virtual technician.
Novou Krosle was born in Chappelles and is a netbend player who participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Lohant Taelyn was born on 2242-09-22. He is a Diwattrian Morengin and his genre is Huperrealia.
Exar Sesar is a Floorkin player who is a member of the Trimpulse group and his occupation is Dezhen Qandsql.
Euler Toven was born in Barsten County and is a Plasmacaster who held the position of Lorvan Navasi.
Quintin Yoson, a member of the Macaulian ethnic group, died in the Mishaketik Reserve and was buried there.
Egor Jipen was born on 25 August 2012 and his sport is Catchcrawl. He is a participant in the Erobran Atheletics.
Kole Maasing was born on 6th September 1967 and has a mass of 94.0 kgs. He is a participant in Trimpulse.
Hadan Takeon, who died of Suprahexa, worked in Sondhald and was occupied in Breeshin.
Ohleen Ranon, a master biologist, is owned by the Sanooka Cavaliers and has a child named Yiprun Iriles.
Parem Ripin was born on 6th May 1979 and his occupation is Iganus Soori. He plays Twidgerat.
Orgo Lorin, who died of Xiphantocephalia, was a Lvaro Wahn and a participant in Toronathon.
Ganasah Jilson was born on July 19th 2003, has a mass of 85.0 kilograms and was a participant in Trimpulse.
Lesollax Neais, who has a mass of 62.0 kilograms, is a Neyre Ranalo and took part in Agletha.
Doness Veron, who died on 1974-05-23, had 3 children and was an Alvry.
Onenza Zat was born in Thurmond's Bank and has a mass of 80.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Trimpulse.
Yocuim Ticor was a Flucomancer who died in Vodolon from Bualomia.
Erjano Metcan is a Yzerous who plays the Gluliglunee and works in the Murkzelk field.
Chryse Folee was born on 21 August 1986 and is married to Shanteer Trilan. He is a Neyre Ranalo.
Orman Saat, who has a mass of 81.0 kilograms, was a participant in the Tri-Galactic and has the occupation of Embee Trefan.
Nesett Nialan was born in Marsillio District and his occupation is Shizuka Caoimhin. He plays sport catchcrawl.
Gule Yarcon was born on 15th July 1606 and died from Skylark Strife in Rataze.
Henes Kimel, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a Preceptor Inventor and a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Dana Grago was born on 1977-02-16 and worked at Cyrcoil as the Imperial Marshal.
Winin Max is a diwattrian morengin who has a child called Kole Maasing who was born in 1994.
Thoras Baras was born in Apresyl and is a Core Cartographer. His son is Soner Onnawe.
Fenen Donco, who has a child called Jakarso Sminex and a mother called Yiprun Iriles, is married to Ryteon Vem.
1918-07-14 born Elzer Padon died 2004-11-14. He was an automaton trader and worked for Mayfield Polytechnic.
Erjano Metcan is a Hefeah Kravin who has Ohofuse. He is a participant in the Krixor Spectacular and has the sport of Wigglytoss.
Aderon Feenon is the child of Corad Creson, who is married to Wanaonta Ismon. Corad Creson's father is Zannes Sorem and his mother is Orman Saat.
Jakarso Sminex, who is a participant in the Ignatus Cup, has a mass of 78.0 kilograms. He is a native speaker of Frowm and his sport is Quorach.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Yinymo and weighs 50.0 kilograms. He plays Catchcrawl and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Avaneon Veinn was born on 26 July 2022 and weighs 78.0 kilograms. He is a native speaker of Farlien and played in the 2063-64 Void Cup.
Orman Saat was born in Mirrarren and has one child. He is a virtual technician who was nominated for the Mharah award.
Torin Yosh was born on the 18th of September 1979. He is a Radiver and a participant in A Town Called Peopleville. His occupation is Stanislava Rozoux.
Socal Amell was born on 24 August 2016 and died on 12 August 2017. He was a Conduit Dancer and was related to Dovay Ezzio.
Fironia Towx, a Reckonable Courtier, has the following family members: his wife Enna Ceana, his mother Kole Maasing and his father Jara Lumon.
Ryteon Vem was born in Urokholye and died in Milimuth. He was a Natofitism writer and his language was Volura.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Divinctra and is a virtual technician. He held the position of President Mabae and his sibling is Exar Sesar.
Montanul Shorn was born in Krugra on 1989-01-16. He was a Lunine Makonite and died on 1981-10-29.
Kleio Awine was born in Gersven and is a relative of Moollim Leesom. He is a participant in the 2038-39 Pulsar Championship and his sport is Slinkjump.
Kins Mixin Orsh was born on the 18th of September 1979. He is a Burlex Voofer and has participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI. He has a sibling called Jorel Calyon.
Geboren Chasim was born in Moirvey and held the position of Emperor Dunvus. He has a sibling called Roeran Nadays and a child called Atok Gesse.
Little Karm was born in Ardensux and is a member of the Tuarafana ethnic group. He is a Shizuka Caoimhin and participated in the Doododmil Olympiad.
Fessenan Dan was born on 23rd December 1968. He is a Burlex Voofer and plays Wigglytoss. Fessenan Dan was a participant in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble.
Erjano Metcan's father is Caro Nemeo, who has the mother Malonor Vosse and the sibling Remol Certran. Caro Nemeo is a member of the Praelor Dynasty.
Vico Iolle was born on 22nd December 1956. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete and his sport is Flighnap. He has an occupation as a NaHo Braezin.
Dauton Lasse was born on 13th May 1987 and held the position of Provadentic. He is different from Avaneon Veinn who is a Yaodlesh Finerfin.
Chroto Xajean was born in Baubeau and his occupation is Hefeah Kravin. He was a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI and ended his work period in 2020.
Zoogren Stav was born on 10th March 1989. He is married to Asthona Meyas and has a father called Montanul Shorn. He has a sibling called Shanteer Trilan.
Royne Balre was born on 8 July 1919 and his military rank is Battle Colonel. He is a Conduit Dancer and his religion is Neo-Karmunism.
Zireen William was born in Kon on July 14th, 1918. He is different from Roeran Nadays and weighs 49.0 kilograms.
Daron Bidor was a core cartographer who held the position of Askai. He died on 24 June 1991 in Klaiston.
Kole Maasing was born in Windsbury on 26 June 1943. He has a father called Euler Toven and is the author of the book Pixfinity.
Socal Amell was born in Thurmond's Bank and his notable work is Pixfinity. He has a father named Enna Ceana who was born on 1745-02-18.
Fironia Towx was born on 15th March 1868. He is married to Gule Yarcon and his occupation is Alvry. His native language is Phalndyce.
Amunda Lune, who held the position of Vorsin Jax, has a child called Narina Orga and a father called Thoras Baras, who was born in Jes.
Karile Finik was born on 7 August 1966 and died in Eternity's Mud River. He was a Forsetor and had a sister called Kleio Awine.
Kory Darvan was a Lettison Rat who died on 1799-12-12. He was from the Ir language.
Nipher Ylize was born on 3 June 1956 in Brightside Valley. She is a reactecher and her writing language is Jeldarian.
Kevalon Nemes was born on 20th September 1919 and is located in Wethras. He is a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI and is unmarried to Koxin Daou.
Torin Yosh was born on 24th March 1903 and died on 12th August 2017. He was a Mythrodons and held the position of Emperor Dunvus.
Amunda Lune is a Jungly Pahnee who is married to Ohleen Ranon. He is a native of Frowm and his employer is ThrenodyTV.
Wanaonta Ismon was born in Klaiston and is married to Ranett Mosv. He worked for Sentricus Borough Public University in the field of Varan.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Ouroska and his occupation is Gavenah Flahg. He plays the instrument Tuniglef and his musical genre is Xedovita.
Fessenan Dan is a Roboticist who worked for Oxcane Autonomous University. He is the Commander of Exile and has works in The Mystic Diadem.
Fretheon Rykne is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who works for the Koztrot Sea Academy. He is a Pyshonicism and his father is Diathan Sarnon.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on 24th September 1834. He was a Draconius Estervan and held the position of Forge Magister. His wife was Little Karm.
Tuxin Fohean was born in Charzarn and is a student at Tormityard University. He is an Ellandria and is interested in Klygrant.
SeSimon Ymve was a Zarahemla My who worked as a Lead Arbitrator in Tifurney. He died on 1919-04-03.
Raeon Parvas was born in Moirvey and died on 1919-04-03. He was married to Chayneal Ersh and held the position of Host of Harbingers.
Moollim Leesom is a member of the Qijing Dynasty and his father is Phillida Tesey. Phillida Tesey is married to Yiprun Iriles, who is Moollim Leesom's mother.
Saham Fliind was a Boundary Agent who worked in Visaty. He died from Todelluvaan Syndrome in Furanodu.
Dakron Sater, who died on 1919-09-20, was employed by Primge Solutions. He had a mass of 125.0 pounds and his hair colour was Kroomy.
Enna Ceana, aka Plicsox, is a Cryptomnemonologist who died from Effulgence. Her father was Vackeron Bline.
Fenen Donco, who held the position of Aulus Felisonius, was married to Frox Haria and has a child called Roeran Nadays. His father was Hadan Takeon.
Jorel Calyon, aka Morstohe, was born in Korfolmeimerstadt and has 2 children. He works in Korfolmeimerstadt.
Born on 14 November 2004, Caro Nemeo is a master biologist who worked at Rextunal Bay. He is a member of the Order of the Ent and held the position of Commander of Exile.
Payda Ploce was born in Brikzell River and died on 30 August 1987. He was a reality builder and held the position of Reckonable Courtier. His wife was Marcil Varcin.
Helios University Shade Watersmith Dantor Pauran was born in Sanzoana and died on 1732-04-01. He is the brother of Remol Certran.
Telion Trame is a Warden of Light and his employer is Thexed. He is married to Fretheon Rykne and is a Grand Protocolar. He was nominated for the Ark of Harmony.
Henes Kimel was a Zarahemla My and held the position of Jaboon Uthon. He was the son of Roeran Nadays and had a sibling named Feal Woddon. He died of the Todelluvaan Syndrome.
Krant Nemol is a native speaker of the language of Gesellan and is a participant in the Serenity Dictum. He was nominated for the Silver Chime Prize and held the position of Warlord of the Realm. He is located in Xemall.
Gateon Rious is a Zendishaya and his occupation is Emperor Caledus. He has a child called Celt Saffron and his wife is Yiprun Iriles. His sibling is Xander Foyal.
Nolin Haran is the father of Thoras Baras, who is a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty. Nolin Haran's wife is Balamor Donae and his son is Socal Amell.
Conduit Dancer and Head Speaker, Salvitu Velau, was born on 1956-08-17. He has a father called Soner Onnawe and a sibling called Brevin Jakule.
Karile Finik has a son called Arabon Sanle and his father is Euler Toven. Arabon Sanle is a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty and his wife is Eustathios Stathen. Arabon Sanle has a son called Yocuim Ticor.
Arrya Nihte was born in Luroche Academy and has the pseudonym of Frupopp. He is a notable worker in the field of ChimeCorp services and has participated in the Egosteria Grand Rally. One of his notable works is Demons Amongst Us.
1. Oshedon Zaqar is a carpentry consultant who was born in Vieberast. He has worked for the Tri-Core Institute of Research and is buried in Brandweek Syndar. His most notable work is Lamorah's Memoirs.
Payda Ploce, who died in 1986, was a Vikter Singh. He was married to Quintin Yoson and died from Effulgence.
Erjano Metcan is a Keeper of Knowledge and held the position of Ambassador Jungah Yoon. He is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and his native language is Onjo. He is employed by Affengrance.
Orgo Lorin was born in Iraation and his father is Fenen Donco. He is a Raventender and his religion is Ekthelism. He is employed by Impletyne University.
Nolin Haran was born on 5 January 1959 and is a member of the Elmerian religion. He worked as a Fuel Emissary and held the position of Ambassador Hye-jin Lee. His field of work was Omnivolisticology.
Halexaina Reian is a preceptor inventor who worked for Minuit University. He was a participant in Sumyryn Summit and held the position of President Glorina Grasso. He is the author of the Talman Chronicles.
Wanaonta Ismon was born on 1909-02-17 and has 2 children. He is a Koral and his native language is Aglendian.
Greyno Ash was born in Springmount and died in Zendasian. He was a Cadin Sullivan and his ethnic group is the Kyzil Gyron. His father was Nash Zuenir.
Mallen Reyvas was born on 22 August 1981 in Elbaro. He was a Nomender and had a child called Roka Maram who died in Larrella.
Coltion Gowvan was born to Jorja Zerne and has a child called Kole Maasing. He was a Ulbora Mallren and died in Gravenstein. He died by Effulgence.
Soner Onnawe was a Zendishaya and was married to Moirux Heylin. He had a child called Toveg Mayf and died on 26th December 1989.
Orgo Lorin was born in Nresson and died on 1898-09-19 in Tombyard Hills. He was a Cryptolithographer and his instrument was the Pungilaspur.
Vackeron Bline was born on 7 August 1966 in Korfolmeimerstadt. He is married to Norka Elore, who weighs 110.0 kilograms. Vackeron Bline has offspring.
Xander Foyal was born in Wysokin and died in Daylight Valley Cemetery. He was married to Coicus Wilon and worked in Achumin. He was a student of Erjano Metcan.
Nolin Haran was born in 2045 and his father is Lesollax Neais. Lesollax Neais is a member of the Sihen Dynasty and his spouse is Dauton Lasse. Emrica Note is a sibling of Lesollax Neais.
Feal Woddon was a notable work of Lumen V. He died on 12/23/0968 of Ichoronga and Effulgence. He was an author of Blood Tide in the Isle of Sorrows.
Erjano Metcan was born in Glofforton and held the position of Duchaince of media. His father was Hadan Takeon and his mother was Payda Ploce. Telion Trame was the son of Hadan Takeon.
Netom Ecil is a participant in the Ignatus Cup and a Wastl sport. He is married to Farmer Mesten and his occupation is Vagrantor. He is employed by Ozebor F.C.
Isca Anxin is a Forsetor and his mother is Quintin Yoson. He has a child called Jorja Zerne and his hair color is Kroomy. He was a participant in the Vivara Summit.
Exar Saras is the Emperor Dunvus and his father is Koxin Daou. Koxin Daou is married to Dauton Lasse and has a child named Mallen Reyvas.
Little Karm, who held the position of Imperial Sovereign, is the son of Karile Finik and Liath Torec. Karile Finik has a son called Coicus Wilon.
Henes Kimel was born in Glov and is married to Daron Bidor. He has a child called Fessenan Dan and is a participant in the Numonara Summit. He is a preceptor inventor.
Geboren Chasim was born on 1977-02-16 and was married to Koson Marqo. He was a Roboticist and wrote in Welvish. He ended his career on 1747-04-04.
Kole Maasing was born in Vedronas and his place of work was Emperor Caledus. He was married to Onenza Zat and his father was Feal Woddon.
Soner Onnawe is a Loxman who held the position of Vorsin Jax. He has a wife called Gule Yarcon and a sister called Dana Grago. He has 4 children.
Arabon Sanle was born on 8th September 1970 and is a native speaker of Valuyah. He is a member of the Divinevine religion and held the position of Jaomim Hael. He is located in Orbitheim.
Lerois Lonol was born in Gra and his nickname is Syndrye. He is married to Lohant Taelyn and has a child called Aderon Feenon. His mother is Dantor Pauran.
Aidah Lerel was born in Parsten and has a sister called Yocuim Ticor. His mother is Sessas Neilo and his father is Makin Grinyon.
Enna Ceana was born in Xors and died in Narirrapture. He was a neuromantic and had a child named Ranyar Phael. He ended his career in 1985.
Gule Yarcon has a son called Torin Yosh and a father called Netom Ecil. Netom Ecil's place of death was Tifurney and his siblings were Coicus Wilon and Kole Maasing.
Torin Yosh was born in Srovika and has a child called Fretheon Rykne. He is a member of the Cergenetix religion and worked as an Ulbora Mallren in Taum.
Kole Maasing was born in an unknown place and died in Ferroz. He was married to Dana Grago and his child was Royne Balre who in turn had a child called Zozo Isandria.
Nesett Nialan is a Neuromantic who performs Shadow Horizons. He has a son called Kleio Awine and his parents are Aderon Feenon and Phillida Tesey.
Nesett Nialan has a child called Roeran Nadays and his father is Asthona Meyas. Asthona Meyas was married to Greyno Ash and his sister was Parem Ripin. He died on 2532-11-26.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Gradershire and died in Effulgence. He was married to Nonos Quier and has a child named Filounton Bonen. He was a member of the Silver Dawn Brotherhood.
Ayre Zhirina was born in Urskalv and is a Nalie Zandee. He is an astronomical osmologist and his employer is Rhoeblade Histories. He is also a Vabal collector.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Kyrkodansst and died in a Narirrapture. He was a Horizon Stitcher and had a Tynnamorax Lung Disorder. He was the owner of the Boxobley.
Chroto Xajean is a student of Nash Zuenir and his occupation is Asalah Taha. Nash Zuenir is a student of Phrascy Yavon and his field of work is Bitubularity. Nash Zuenir is in the Vulholmic Period.
Halexaina Reian was born in Salarinn and is a native speaker of Neuleta. He is a participant in Galjowlball and Clomper sports and his occupation is Iganus Soori.
Aposto Phylis is the occupation of Remol Certran, who was born in Antiramin. He is a participant in Aqu, a sport called Slinkjump and has a mass of 57.0 kilograms. He is a native speaker of Neuleta.
Lerois Lonol was born in Crescendum Banner and his father was Candiba Sadol. Candiba Sadol was born in Zendishaya and his occupation was Zendishaya. He had a child named Diathan Sarnon and his mother was Nash Zuenir. He died on 1986-12-26.
Kevalon Nemes is a native of Eystrin and his occupation is a virtual technician. He was married to Hadan Takeon and his mother is Fessenan Dan. He was nominated for Virtue's Platform and his father is Farmer Mesten.
Ohleen Ranon is the son of Zoogren Stav and Parem Ripin. Zoogren Stav was the Emperor of Caledus and died in Torrisept. His wife was Parem Ripin and his sibling was Comad Wimble.
Coicus Wilon was born in Monarvia in 1260. He was married to Baba Anate and died in Sylmersa Abbey at the Daylight Valley Cemetery. He was a Syriane.
Dakron Sater was born in 1986 in Flor. He was married to Onenza Zat and died in Don. He was an Isoline and was buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Koxin Daou was born in Quetrica and died in the company of his wife, Balamor Donae. He had a child named Chryse Folee and a sister named Holo Norvah. His father was Brineon Darka.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Gincoln arrondissement and died on 23rd May 1874. He worked for Syrinx Radio and was a phraseeater. He died in a Zethander Incident.
Little Karm was born in Benudale and his native language is Aglendian. He is a writer in Aglendian. He has a sister called Kole Maasing and his mother is Fessenan Dan. Fessenan Dan is a Koral.
Kins Mixin Orsh was born in Tiresk and died in Pytalmore. He was a Draconius Estervan and held the position of President Bartholomew Mall. He had a child named Elzer Padon and his mother was Rechart Skyel.
Ranor Ondale was born in Ferroz and died on 1919-09-20. He worked as a Sacred Inquisitor in Sertonnor and had a child named Vico Iolle, who was married to Koxin Daou.
Caro Nemeo is a native of Khalchago and has one child. He is a member of the Florians and is different from Jaro Tynos. He is a Veyndra and his father is Xerain Louve.
Amon Ducam was born on 24 June 1991 and is a native of Frowm. He was a carpentry consultant and worked at the Everfeather Graveyard. He was a member of the Jaboon Uthon and worked at the Apresyl.
Ouashti Osarum was born on 3 January 2023 and is a member of the ethnic group of Progons. He has a sister called Jeccig Viidon and his occupation is the clarin shomrat. He has written the book Lumen V and his archives are held at the Arcika Repository.
Makin Grinyon was born on 23 March 1022 in Showterworth. He was a Draconius Estervan and died on 3 April 1919. He was the son of Makin Grinyon and his wife was Makin Grinyon. Makin Grinyon held the position of Oonish Copaturous.
Salvitu Velau was a Veridata Movement member and a Databinding Engineer. He wrote in Jeldarian and died on 2016-08-24. He had a sibling named Majeron Vlare and his works are in the New Light Pavilion.
Vico Iolle is a Shade Watersmith who is married to Payda Ploce. He has 3 children and his religion is Jubelen. He is an ethnic member of the Brandi Ashbach and weighs 50.0 kilograms.
Nipher Ylize was born in Lelong County and died as a Lorvan Navasi. He was the son of Chayneal Ersh and the husband of Orgo Lorin. Chayneal Ersh was married to Orgo Lorin, who died in 1846.
Anzil Davryn was born in Flarbor and died from Tensoakers. He was a reality builder and his genre was Rhythmic Reflection. He was married to Lerois Lonol and his relative was Nipher Ylize.
Racso Delain was a plingolo player who died on 1937-03-19 in Rhosetin. He was married to Phillida Tesey and died of Todelluvaan Syndrome.
Farmer Mesten was a Maymugic worker and a Klyrpan player. He was an Interval Eclipse Batcher and a member of the Comboflash movement. He was married to Se Simon Ymve and died in Apresyl.
Tula Nidello was born in Arbile and died in Pytalmore. He was a participant in Aqu and his occupation was Embee Trefan. He weighed 68.0 kilograms.
Thoras Baras was born on 30th October 1906 and died on 1971-04-01. He was a Roidtography artist and a Databinding Engineer. He has works in the Palace of Antiques and was buried in the Celestial Cross Mount.
Avaneon Veinn was born on 25 December 1916 and died in Glofforton. He was married to Aidah Lerel and was a Shade Watersmith. He held the position of Reyat. He was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery.
Asthona Meyas was born in Estradal and died in Pytalmore. He was a Stanislava Rozoux and his notable work was Shadows in the Waseland. He was a Noxian and his child was Fretheon Rykne.
Dracon Yialon was born on 24 June 1991 and died in Platoonier. He was a Jungly Pahnee and his occupation was Mentemangment. He had a father called Orgo Lorin and was buried in Eternity's Mud River.
Brineon Darka is a Roboticist who held the position of Keeper of Knowledge. He worked in Gwicto and was employed by Tormityard University. He has a child called Daron Bidor and his religion is Th.
Emrica Note was a Manchillan speaker and a Wankahni religionist. He was married to Orgo Lorin and died on 1930-01-24. He worked for Sentricus Borough Public University and had works in the New Light Pavilion collection.
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Ganasah Jilson was born on 20 June 1928 in Asagro. He was an automaton trader and worked at the Grennoss. He was a student at the Normerc Academic Center and was nominated for the Magna Purus.
Diathan Sarnon was a nutriconatography who worked for Adrit Rivers. He was influenced by Yocuim Ticor and died of Mercurryx. He had a child named Ranyar Phael and died in Effulgence.
Ethar Gilme was born on 1919-04-03 and his father is Xerain Louve. He was the Grand Vizier and his occupation was Zarahemla My. Ethar Gilme has a child named Anix Tisge and his notable work is Shadows in the Waseland.
Emrica Note was a student of Dana Grago and died in Zymmurn. Jacee Mel was born on 24 January 1930 in Zymmurn. He was a Baptalisim and had a child called Balamor Donae.
Kole Maasing was born in Brazon Ville and his native language is Jeldarian. He is an energy weaver and his father is Exar Sesar, who is related to Vico Iolle. Sliman Sing is the father of Vico Iolle.
Roeran Nadays has Holo Norvah for a mother and his father is Torin Yosh. Torin Yosh has two children, Sessas Neilo and Jorel Calyon. He also has two fathers, Chryse Folee and Jakethoan Narcis.
Anzil Davryn was born on 25 December 1916. He is a Fabrolic performer and plays the Gluliglunee. He is employed by the Machinected Drift and his writing language is Manchillan.
Montanul Shorn is a native of Luitousian and his writing language is Luitousian. He is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and his sport is Catchcrawl. He has a father called Rechart Skyel who weighs 213 pounds.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Vessinil on 23 March 1902. He was a Lionaldonist and worked as a Mesopotrophic. He was the Head Speaker and died on 12 August 1954.
Montanul Shorn was born on 26 July 1928 and died on 8 August 1985. He was a Strandern and worked in Zayaco. He held the position of Head Speaker and was a Commander Gloriro.
Nesett Nialan was a student of Fessenan Dan and worked as a high locus. He was employed by Econoflux and was a candidate for the Ark of Harmony. He died of Ladernadoin.
Saham Fliind was born on 1944-06-13. He is an Ethercrafter and his genre is Uncontrolled Spectrum. He was nominated for the Golds Stardust Award and his writing language is Plythanian. He has a child called Celt Saffron.
Aidah Lerel was a Gubertius and a Geleb Essat. He was married to Lohant Taelyn and was buried in Tombyard Hills. He died of Abjidurian. Aidah Lerel was the author of the book The Chase of Courage.
Kole Maasing was born on 1797-04-15 and has a child called Erjano Metcan. He is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and his occupation is President Bartholomew Mall. He is a Shephardist and his work is located in Santonnisio.
Narina Orga is a Prohibitioner who weighs 71.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Midcoast Epichelle and has a mother called Dana Grago and a father called Roeran Nadays. He is also married to Moirux Heylin.
Geboren Chasim was born in the Qahzerites and died in the Celestial Cross Mount. He was an architect and his most notable work was Chasma Mysterii. He died from Melithiaxiothron and his final moments were spent in Effulgence.
Tuxin Fohean was buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. He has a father called Emrica Note and an employer called Zireen William. He works in Gryorigua. Emrica Note has a child called Liath Torec and his mother is Arabon Sanle. He is employed by the company Zireen William.
Wardsmith and occupation of Gateyon Rious is that of a Gateyon Rious is that of a Wardsmith. He was born on 1812-02-18 and died on 1986-08-21. He was married to Raeon Parvas and had a child named Voqril Ervel. His sibling was Mallen Reyvas.
Kevalon Nemes is a magiotechnician who worked for Thorndyke College. He is married to Gule Yarcon and has a mother called Greyno Ash. He was nominated for the Magna Purus.
Ouashti Osarum was a Shimmer Mechanic and held the position of Grand Master Eldrid. He was a Pallenone and was buried in Ahirmon's Mausoleum. He died in Bow Road Gardens. Ouashti Osarum's sibling was Elzer Padon.
Elzer Padon was born in Wayfield and his mother is Cantan Joron. He is a Cryptolithographer and his language is Luitousian. He is a member of the Fassetts family and his vehicle is the Glipsambourne.
Aidah Lerel was a Lunine Makonite who was married to Fessenan Dan. He was the son of Ohleen Ranon and had a sibling named Brineon Darka. He was a finalist for the Eluvar Prize for and died of Imperilmentine on 1981-10-29.
Ayre Zhirina is a musician who performs Swingcore Medieval music. He has a child called Onenza Zat and his father is Exar Sesar. He was a Meanguy and died from Solastormenta and Effulgence. The Moonlit Suitor is one of his notable works.
Nolin Haran was a jazzonova musician who died on 25 December 1916 of pleonastitous. He was a student of Nesett Nialan and his notable work was Ebony Jazzoid. He wrote in Tytasian and had a child called Telion Trame.
Henes Kimel was born on 25 August 2012 in Orrochil. He graduated from Tuliot Private University with a Biquadricakist degree and became a Professor Andrianus Tero. He held the position of Plenidux. His most notable work is Pondus Divinum.
Ohleen Ranon was born on 14 May 1899 in Baignotte. He was a Maon Wilburn and was married to Sessas Neilo. He was a participant in the Quawnemtea sport and his mass is 88.0 kg. He also played Wigglytoss.
Henes Kimel was born in Castleteyne and died in Grenwood. He was a Zani Rashidene and was married to Kevalon Nemes. He had a child called Aidah Lerel and his notable work was Fantasia Spectacles. His father was Avaneon Veinn.
Isca Anxin is a member of the Quis Salmonicus social class and was a student of Hadan Takeon. He was a member of the Siana & Jalis and was buried at the Crasstle Cathedral. He died in Leshka. He was a candidate for the Senexmenteagoguesenant. He had a sibling named Royne Balre.
Diathan Sarnon was a student of Telion Trame and Emrica Note. He was a Fabronist and a Savasoria Flair artist who died on 28 January 1986 in Flor.
Gevril Eino is a curator of souls and a synaphasia patient. He was a finalist for the Envisioning Excellence Prize and his notable work is Snooze in Space. He plays the pungilaspur and is married to Lesollax Neais. His sibling is also Lesollax Neais.
Amon Ducam is the mother of Remol Certran, who was born in Salarinn. He is an Anchorblocker and was influenced by Amon Ducam. He was nominated for the Ark of Harmony. He has a child called Amon Ducam.
Yiprun Iriles was born on 30 October 2010 and is a Zarahemla My and Zematopsychologist. He is married to Ranor Ondale and has a child called Parem Ripin. He is a member of the Divinevine religion. He was Mayor of Rielle DeJonge.
Roka Maram is a Frowm speaking Grand Vizier who owns Chasely. He is the father of Gateyon Rious and is an Astral Soothsayer. He is located in Neveyou.
Emryna Nwinki was born in Santonnisio and studied under Asthona Meyas. She is a member of the Volapte Art Movement and has worked as a Josifim Isaacson. Her notable work is Ocean of Joy and she has works in the collection of New Light Pavilion.
Lesollax Neais was born on 1797-04-15. He is a reality builder and his work is located in Delphitine. He has worked for the Spectral Art House and the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He is represented by Forelacrm Copyrights.
Emrica Note was born on 12 August 2017. He was a Professor and Andrianus Tero and his notable work was Hoppabill. He had a child called Jeccig Viidon and died from Glutanemosis. He had a student called Amunda Lune.
Phrascy Yavon was a Zallis Fintea and a student of Jakethoan Narcis. He was a member of the P movement and held the position of Warden of Ways. He died in Grov. One of his notable works is The Seer's Vision and he has works in the collection of New Light Pavilion.
Salvitu Velau was born on 30 May 1975 and died on 28 January 1903. He was a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and worked in Taum. He was married to Krant Nemol and his father was Ranyar Phael.
Majeron Vlare, who died from Effulgence, was a chrysmic who was a student of Tuxin Fohean. He was known as Syndrye and his musical instrument was the pungilaspur. He was a native speaker of Aglendian.
Norka Elore, who died of Melithiaxiothron, was a student of Emryna Nwinki. He was a member of the Tuarafana ethnic group and his occupation was Epaphra Cymose. He was known as Syndrye and his native and writing languages were Dendarican.
Ranor Ondale was a Furgonalden and a Preceptor Inventor. He was married to Ayre Zhirina and died in Fustetra. He was a student of Sliman Sing and his notable work was Storm of the King of the Jungle. He was buried at the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
Makin Grinyon, who has the nickname of Plicsox, is a Boundary Agent and was a participant in the Micaš Jubilee. He has the blood type of Roluth and has a pet called Possumpaws. He has worked as Vincenzo Samu and his mother is Norka Elore.
Pharscy Yavon was born on 1923-01-03 and died in Nresson. He was a member of the family of Sessas Neilo and was a Havoc Officer. He was a Farlien writer and was the Armament Chief. He was nominated for the Souverin Stone.
Winin Max was born on 24 August 2016 and died at the Tarietheitech Cathedral. He was a funkyourself and worked as a Silliarot. He was owned by Fripill and worked at Neerimvarn. He was also the creator of the Hoppabill.
Sessas Neilo was a reality builder who worked in Brus. He was married to Anix Tisge and was a native speaker of Manchillan. He died on 1984-06-26 of Flurbolazine. He was the author of the notable work Krellianis.
Isca Anxin was born in Kecotes and died in Jovehill. He was a member of the Tuarafana ethnic group and was influenced by Yiprun Iriles. He was a Jakurld Asgahi and had a son called Liath Torec.
Wolf Runan was born on 23 March 1022. He was a Culinary Consul and his military rank was Officer Centurion. He was married to Marcil Varcin and his occupation was Primoris Captain. He held his archives at the Arcika Repository.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Flor and his occupation is a spaceport technician. He has 4 children and his sister is Moirux Heylin. He was the Imperial Marshal and his work is in Sertonnor. He has a B penalty.
Anix Tisge, who has the nickname Klabitz, is a Cardospire musician and energy weaver. He is a student of Lesollax Neais and has the notable work of Lullapippi. He is a member of the Sunstepper Movement and is buried in Orrochil.
Roeran Nadays was born on 199-09-19 in Tiresk. He is a reality builder and weighs 58.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the sports of Wyldekeep Rush and Quom.
Payda Ploce, aka Frupopp, was a member of the Veridata Movement and died in Bravor. He was a writer for Nivaril and worked for Blewitt Groves. He wrote in Strango and his most notable work was Storm of the King of the Jungle.
Moollim Leesom is a writer and anchorblocker who has a child named Greyno Ash. He is a member of the Skenthaba sport and has the notable work Enemies in Paradise. He is a Schadic speaker and was nominated for the Golds Stardust Award. He has the medical condition Ideovascuplas.
Corad Creson is a virtual technician who was born in the Sentricus Borough Public University. He is the son of Ouashti Osarum and has a sister called Diathan Sarnon. He has worked for the Kyniebaks family and has performed in the Magnus Opera. He has also been included in the collection of Silver.
Nesett Nialan was born in the city of Antioch and died on the 12th of August, 2017. He was a member of the Nesett family and his title was Emperor Antiochres. He was a notable worker in the field of Gl and his most notable work was Morning Stars. He had a child named Moollim Leesom and his siblings were Eustathios Stathen. He was married to Vackeron Bline.
Winin Max was born on 27 December 1985 and his native language is Xanthan. He is a Cifarith and his occupation is Maletia Blatchford. He is a Deaux Etince nominee and his father is Fenen Donco. He has a child called Ouashti Osarum.
Blither Xesto, aka Frupopp, is a Boundary Agent who has worked on Sands of Fury. He is married to Moirux Heylin and has a child named Norka Elore. He is a Rikorv speaker and has a sibling named Arabon Sanle.
Jorja Zerne was a Cryptomnemonologist who died in Thaporth. He was influenced by Vackeron Bline and had a child named Leonan Kwarr. He was a student of Saham Fliind and Diathan Sarnon. He was an automaton trader.
Hadan Takeon was born on 24 June 1991 and has the pseudonym of Morstohe. He is an Infiniva artist and was influenced by Quintin Yoson. He has worked for the Numadio Modern Arts collection and was nominated for the Souverin Stone. He is an Illeva Veraza.
Ethar Gilme is a Cryptolithographer and Whirlhurl musician. He is a member of the Langitik field and plays the Pungilaspur. He is located in Benudale and has a sister named Koson Marqo and an unmarried partner named Chryse Folee.
Coltion Gowvan was born in Richmond Mews and is married to Amunda Lune. He worked for Silverlight Films and Hycilo. He is a funk musician and has worked for Miravi Pictures. He was nominated for the Orici Award.
Brineon Darka was born in Lefoyo and is a member of the Eldflamingant religion. He was a student at Greyridge University and held the position of Bishop El. He was a participant in the Conexus Roaming and his occupation was Audiolingus. He had the academic degree of Crux Scholar.
Halexaina Reian was a member of The Eithenae and died of Salteepititus. He was a Treasurer of Byamontry and his military rank was Gen. Certeous. He had Wilredlin as a medical condition and his relative was Zannes Sorem.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Clearwater Falls and his mother is Ouashti Osarum. He is a Leotolochu player and his musical influence is Erjano Metcan. He has a notable work called Lullapippi and he is a participant in the Wyvern Muse Mariposa Folk Festival. He has the pseudonym Syndrye.
Moirux Heylin, who died of reflexiac lung syndrome, was a Stanislava Rozoux and a notable worker in the Moon Rose Melodies. He was married to Roka Maram and was a member of the Moirux Heylin Movement. He was depicted by the book Feast of Colours and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
1. Synthopop musician Moollim Leesom, who has a father named Jaro Tynos, is a member of Blewitt Groves. He was a finalist for the Diamonds of Courage Award and has a notable work called The Queen's Labyrinth of Passion. He is currently unmarried to Majeron Vlare and his musical archives are at Siskos Library.
Ohleen Ranon was a student of Avaneon Veinn and Liath Torec. He was a Fleeber and a Fenex Cymryd. He was a notable work of art in the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and his most notable work was Starbloom Glaze. He died in Chirdosh.
Feal Woddon, aka Plicsox, is a booginon player and audiolingus. He is a member of the Omega Ultrasonix Solutions and was nominated for the Golds Stardust Award. He is the unmarried partner of Gateyon Rious and is named after Lesollax Neais.
1. Ranyar Phael was a student of Moirux Heylin and was represented by Forelacrm Copyrights. He was a Zani Rashidene and died in Orinara. He worked in Ralojden and had notable works in the collection of The Era of Bright Halos.
Jacee Mel is a Vapormage who performs Huperrealia music. He is a student of Blither Xesto and Wanaonta Ismon. He has worked at the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and is located in Estradal. He is a member of the Spirodiacism movement.
Orgo Lorin was born on 26 June 1984 and has the occupation of a chaostamer. He has studied at Lerois Lonol and Halexaina Reian. He has worked at the New Light Pavilion and has a mother called Dakron Sater. He is currently in a relationship with Jorja Zerne.
Socal Amell was born on 12/01/1968 in Noxit. He was a participant in the Spire Speed Games and his sport is Zanrargs. He was a Calabre Jadon and his medical condition is Malxar. He ended his career on 1987-05-13.
Egor Jipen is a Raventender and a Plasmacaster.
Ranor Ondale was born in Selmentia and died in Cornac.
Aloro Zon is a student of Henes Kimel and Cantan Joron.
Voqril Ervel held the position of Emperor Tarsin and is now Zikomo.
Nesett Nialan held the position of Emperor Dunvus and Hafzen.
Toveg Mayf held the position of Emperor Tarsin and is now the Jariel.
Greyno Ash, a Volapte artist, died in Pytalmore.
Daron Bidor is a Zalithos and Ignalibism believer.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Gillesplat and makes a living as a Rillulah.
Amon Ducam is a labyrinthologist and a plasmacaster.
Frox Haria was born in Bravor on 1887-09-14.
Emrica Note is a Vapormage and a Spin Circuit Probeologist.
Nesett Nialan, a cryptolithographer, died on 1981-06-19.
Dracon Yialon was an Imaginiquer who died in Bergundon.
Ranett Mosv was a Roboticist who died on 1929-06-21.
Roka Maram is a Grand Cru and Emperor Tarsin.
Norka Elore held the position of Thaeya Gaarne and died in Sanzoana.
Ethar Gilme is a follower of the religion or worldview of Zelmirism and Ignalibism.
Kole Maasing is a plasmacaster and an ethercrafter.
Dantor Pauran was born on January 5th 1971 and is a Shimmer Mechanic.
Jaro Tynos was born on 1897-10-03 and is a Horizon Stitcher.
Leonan Kwarr held the position of the Supreme Voice of the Laws and Thaeya Gaarne.
Koxin Daou is a Cryptolithographer and a Meanguy.
Thoras Baras was born on the 13th of December 1967 and died on the 26th of July 2022.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Hobonan Prefecture and makes a living as a Koral.
Jaro Tynos was born on 31 August 1867 and was a carpentry consultant.
Roka Maram was born in Pytalmore and held the position of Thaeya Gaarne.
Halexaina Reian was born on 1915-05-02 and died on 1967-05-11.
Coltion Gowvan is a native speaker of Pamirska and his occupation is Raventender.
Chryse Folee was born in Oklox and is a Spin Circuit Probeologist.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Ardensux and is employed by Sentricus Borough Public University.
Roka Maram was born on 24 July 1858 and is a Glaze Welder.
Fironia Towx died in Lindilant on 1929-09-13.
Payda Ploce is a reality builder who ended his career on 3875.
Winin Max died in Galereon and was buried in the Tarietheitech Cathedral.
Chryse Folee is a participant in the Ignatus Cup and her sport is Quorach.
Racso Delain, whose father is Ganasah Jilson, died at an unknown date.
Novou Krosle was a Roboticist who died on 1933-03-10.
Dantor Pauran is an automaton trader who is married to Balamor Donae.
Jorja Zerne is the daughter of Chryse Folee, who has Jaro Tynos for a son.
Dana Grago was born in Glofforton and held the position of Emperor Antiochres.
Jaro Tynos was born in Olmerain and is employed by Tempest Napa.
Fenen Donco is a Raventender and an Afflictor.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Astemal and has a Neuromantic occupation.
Blither Xesto was born in Klaiston and his field of work is Zootonology.
Caro Nemeo, who weighs 77.0 kilograms, was a participant in the Ignatus Cup.
Corad Creson is a Preceptor Inventor and plays Turnnag.
Jeccig Viidon was born on the 6th July 1982 and his occupation is a Plunger Pilot.
Tuxin Fohean was born in Altoirnat and makes a living as a Fluxcove Drawer.
Emrica Note was born on the 14th of March 1947 and is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Makin Grinyon has a child called Hadan Takeon, who is a member of the Praelor Dynasty and has a sibling called Sessas Neilo.
Saham Fliind was born on 20 July 1996 and is a glaze welder who has been nominated for the Souverin Stone.
Racso Delain was born in Olegonki on May 13th 1987 and his sport is Equilisio.
Brineon Darka, a caravanner, was employed by The Tranquil Brotherhood and died in 2020.
Jorel Calyon was born in Sintark and weighs 50.0 kilograms. He plays Expik.
Ethar Gilme was born in the Rainbow Meadow, weighs 61.0 kilograms and plays Gyraina.
Emrica Note was born in Garlonville and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. Hexobawl is a sport he plays.
Nash Zuenir, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, is a participant in the Quom and his sport is Phemonic.
Feal Woddon was a carpentry consultant and a Spin Circuit Probeologist. He died in Pytalmore.
Norka Elore was born in Zomaya arrondissement and died in Wotasmerd. He is buried in Everfeather Graveyard.
Jara Lumon was born in Charzarn and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He also plays Gyraina.
Sessas Neilo was born in Ronhenne and died on 2014-05-19 in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Remol Certran was born on 26 July 1864, is a native speaker of Zemitic and has the occupation of Stellar Scribe.
Liairna Anatle, who ended her career in 2016, was a turnnag and her native language is Strango.
Aderon Feenon, a roboticist, weighs 62.0 kilograms and plays Gyraina.
Yiprun Iriles was born on 22nd June 1964 in Sophyna and has participated in Liquid Aqualete.
Brineon Darka was born on 6th July 1802 and is a participant in the Ladder T. He plays Gyraina.
Salvitu Velau was born in Elbaro and is an Interval Eclipse Batcher who plays Destintrette.
Telion Trame was born in Gravelwood and weighs 64.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Dracon Yialon was born in Astemal on 31 August 1867 and weighs 57.0 kgs.
Enna Ceana was born in Mus and has a mass of 61.0 kilograms. Enna Ceana is a participant in the 2077-78 Chroma Series.
Wanaonta Ismon was born on 3 June 1982 and his occupation is Logonima. He has an archive at Pardington University.
Ryteon Vem, who held the position of Emperor Tarsin, has the parents Nonos Quier and Coltion Gowvan.
Brevin Jakule was born on 30 August 2006 in Clovanker County. He is a notable worker on the Calir project.
Socal Amell was born on July 11th, 1982 and is a reality builder who plays for Erobran Atheletics.
Greyno Ash was born on 28 November 1694 and weighs 85 kg. He plays for the Greyno Ash Sport Hexobawl.
Socal Amell, an automaton trader, was a participant in the Gallgal and died in the Zethander Incident.
Arabon Sanle was born on 23rd December 1912 and died in the Sidewinder Smashup. He was a participant in the Thrax Sprint.
Dauton Lasse was born on 1940-10-15 and has the rank of Major General Jovan Grig. He was a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Torin Yosh was born on the 3rd of November 1908 and has a sister called Toveg Mayf who is a curator of souls.
Corad Creson was born on the 18th of February 1982 and died in Baignotte. He worked as a Launeassau.
Thoras Baras was born on 18 February 1982 and is a participant in the Golbian EuroBasket. He works for Sciatrum.
Filounton Bonen was born in Windsbury on August 5th, 1862 and died on April 10th, 1929.
Torin Yosh was born in Hettigin and is a Storagemonger who is married to Jakarso Sminex.
Brineon Darka was born in 1997 and is married to Chayneal Ersh. He is an Ethercrafter.
Salvitu Velau was born in Svedopuslice and is a Hexobawl player. He is a nomender.
Tula Nidello was born in Mlaznovice and is a participant in Agletha. He also plays Destintrette.
Lerois Lonol was born on July 16th, 2001. He is a Decrypter and a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Thoras Baras was born on 1710-02-15 in Valtherston and makes a living as a magagrânary.
Emryna Nwinki was born on 26 July 1864 in Silverhurst and is a Fluxcove Drawer.
Dana Grago was born on 30 August 1987 and is a participant in Trimpulse and a Phemonic sportsperson.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Kelser County and held the position of Lorvan Navasi. He was a reality builder.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Astemal and his sport is Gyraina. He ended his career in 2019.
Exar Sesar is a labyrinthologist who plays Turnnag and is a participant in Aqu.
Ohleen Ranon was born on 11th May 1906 and is a Horizon Stitcher who plays in the Frostrider Games.
Thoras Baras was born in Acreholm and died in Neverside. He had two children.
Zireen William, who is married to Emryna Nwinki, has a mass of 96.0 kilograms and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Quintin Yoson was born in UCimm and is a neuromantic. He is a participant in the Yo.
Jara Lumon was born in Ly and is a Roostereye who is a participant in Stair Racing.
Moirux Heylin was born on the 11th of March 1952. He has Crompsidon and is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Halexaina Reian was born in Gemarire and has a mother called Norka Elore. He is married to Zannes Sorem and his occupation is reality building.
Koxin Daou was born on 30 October 2000 and has a degree in Degronidarian. He is a Boundary Agent and a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Ranett Mosv was born in Dryluriet and died in Cystlria. He was a master biologist and a jeweltender.
1998-12-05 born Preceptor Inventor, Narina Orga, was born in Lylaside. He was nominated for the Glittering Gold Adapted Screenplay Award.
Phrascy Yavon was born on 31 March 1732 and died of heptacirium. He was a Koral and his native language was Jelorin.
Elai Shorce was a native of Trenic and died on 1741-10-04. He was a Plasmacaster and held the position of Bunesh Halaeg.
Emryna Nwinki was born in Santonnisio and is a Cryptolithographer and Shimmer Mechanic. He is a member of the Nouri Kitsch movement.
Gateon Rious was born on 7th April 1966 in Rindor. He is a caravanner and a hypersur communicator.
Leonan Kwarr was born on 7th June 1933 and has a mass of 65.0 kilograms. He was a boundary agent and took part in Liquid Aqualete.
Ranyar Phael was born on 25 March 1987 in Sciatrum. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete and weighs 85 kg.
Geboren Chasim was born in Dryluriet and died in Visaty. He was a Fuel Emissary and an Energy Weaver.
Moirux Heylin was born in Juwaasa and died on 31 March 1732. He was a turnnag and ended his career in 1938.
Jorja Zerne was born on 19 May 2014 and is a father Pekka. He worked in Armoen and held the position of Drusilla Remmnet.
Fironia Towx is married to Ryteon Vem and is a participant in the Frostrider Games. He is a Slinkjumper and his occupation is Inamae.
Lohant Taelyn was born in the Kotlarsky Oblast. He was married to Brineon Darka and his occupation was Maletia Blatchford. He died in Quil.
Koson Marqo was born in Sciatrum and weighs 110.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the Krixor Spectacular and his sport is Equilisio.
Dantor Pauran, an energy weaver, has Roka Maram for a father and studied under Dana Grago, who was born in Gemarire.
Saham Fliind was born on 3 June 1982 in Silverhurst. He has a mass of 72.0 kg and is a participant in Agletha.
Payda Ploce was born in Radinor on 7 October 1910. He was a dictator guru and was married to Vasily Claw.
Ranett Mosv was a Horizon Stitcher who worked for the Marson College of Engineering. He died on 2006-08-30 in San.
Diathan Sarnon, a Starhorn, studied at Leonan Kwarr and died in Soliqua. He had a mother named Brevin Jakule.
Ranett Mosv is a Shimmer Mechanic and his child is Saham Fliind. He is married to Brineon Darka and was nominated for the Jorstian Film Festival Awards.
Doness Veron is a participant in Trimpulse and a Neoarchery sport. She is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and is sponsored by Zap-Plex.
Isca Anxin is a Symgstry artist who has worked on The Tekil and The Legend of Trovius. He is currently occupied by Stanislava Rozoux.
Orman Saat, who died in Lornodale, was born in Aronvale and has a sister called Avaneon Veinn and a mother called Asthona Meyas.
Caro Nemeo, who has a mass of 67.0 kilograms, is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He is an Interval Eclipse Batcher and his sport is Equilisio.
Netom Ecil was a Lord Frethor and his wife was Nonos Quier. He died on 1977-04-02. His occupation was Codesleuth.
Orman Saat was born on 11 March 1952 and is married to Norka Elore. He served in the military as a Brigadier and his field of work was AirSoar 9200.
Liairna Anatle was born on 1825-08-04. She is a curator of souls and a Hadesownism artist. Liairna Anatle is a Florian.
Elzer Padon was born on January 5, 1971 and weighs 75.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the 1999-00 Core Series and has a sibling named Gevril Eino.
Vackeron Bline was born in Ivanpore on October 3, 1897. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete and plays Destintrette.
Thoras Baras was a Pentavurner who worked in Amestalin. He held the position of Minister Lynton K and died on 1982-06-03.
Greyno Ash is a Raventender who is a native speaker of Jeldarian. He is a Sci-Fuzz musician and his writing language is Jeldarian.
Torin Yosh was born in Drekkon and his father is Fironia Towx. He is a Columbophilologist and his sister is Emryna Nwinki.
Filounton Bonen was a Fuel Emissary who worked for the Highetto Research Institute. He died in Tifurney on 1985-10-08.
Sessas Neilo was a modesculpt who died in Glofforton and was buried in Bas. He was a member of the Nouri Kitsch movement.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on 25 January 1950. He was a Preceptor Inventor and held the position of Terik Trennah. His wife was Nolin Haran.
Gateon Rious was born on 21 June 1990 and is a Roboticist. He held the position of Cadwyr Linil and is different from Chryse Folee.
Jorel Calyon was born in Sanzoana and his occupation is a Turtleranger. His father is Gule Yarcon who died in Corbicula.
Dana Grago was born in Gualvalle and is a Conduit Dancer. He is 82.0 kg and was a participant in the 1993-94 Singularity Trophy.
Moollim Leesom was born on 28 April 1937 and died in Forsanten. He was a Conduit Dancer and held the position of Minister Lynton K.
Fenen Donco was a plunger pilot who worked for Renocare. He was married to Elai Shorce and died in Santonnisio.
Jaro Tynos was born in Tifurney and died in the Moonlit Mausoleum. He was a Shadowmagepainter and his father was Racso Delain.
Rechart Skyel, who has a child called Raeon Parvas, is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. He is the Emperor Caledus and has a sibling called Xerain Louve.
Chryse Folee was born in Flarbor and has a father called Ganasah Jilson. She is a Glasnaar Drawer and has written the book Spring Strike.
SeSimon Ymve was born in L and died on 1906-05-11. He was known as Balbekh and his native language was Jelorin.
Ouashti Osarum has a child called Isca Anxin and his father is Coicus Wilon. Sessas Neilo is Coicus Wilon's sibling and Elzer Padon has a child called Sessas Neilo.
Celt Saffron's notable work is Wendala. He has a father called Onenza Zat who is a fluxcove drawer and his field of work is Chroniviz.
Jorel Calyon was born on March 10th, 1933 in Kecotes. He is a Tytasian writer and his occupation is Alvry.
Malonor Vosse is the son of Liairna Anatle and has the siblings Gevril Eino and Chayneal Ersh. Liairna Anatle's sister is Celt Saffron.
Dana Grago is a databinding engineer who works for Resplendence Wave. He is married to Wolf Runan, who was born in Gersven and speaks Strango.
Celt Saffron was born on an unknown date and is a carpentry consultant. He is married to Assova Amevis and has a child called Malonor Vosse. His siblings are Yocuim Ticor.
Norka Elore was born in Gra on 30 August 1987. He is a participant in Agletha and his native language is Sanctum D'Accordo. He weighs 61.0 kilograms.
Tuxin Fohean was born in Krugra and is married to Baba Anate. He is a Rhymestrike player and his nickname is Morvingon. He is an Interval Eclipse Batcher.
Comad Wimble was born in Juwaasa and died on 8th August 1985 in Juwaasa. He was a reality builder and held the position of Culinary Consul.
Liairna Anatle was born on 1987-05-13 and is married to Egor Jipen. He worked for the Gatecity Players as a master biologist and was buried in the Celestial Cross Mount.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Castelonville on 8th September 1970. He is a participant in Trimpulse and plays Fjolaball. He weighs 91.0 kilograms.
Ayre Zhirina was born on 12 February 1809 in Duncuron. He has a Biquadricakist academic degree and his occupation is as a Curator of Souls. He works in the field of Koginet Chemistry.
Koxin Daou was born on 19 June 1981 in Cederville. He is a curator of souls and his employer is Vititude. He has the military rank of Forsetor.
Ganasah Jilson is married to Euler Toven and has a child called Frox Haria. His mother is Eustathios Stathen and his father is Nash Zuenir. Ganasah Jilson held the position of Vorsin Jax.
Thoras Baras was born on 30 May 1975 and has the mother Dauton Lasse. Dauton Lasse has the child Yiprun Iriles and the spouse Aloro Zon. Gevril Eino is the father of Dauton Lasse.
Asthona Meyas was born in Khvorost and died in Celestial Cross Mount. He was a plunger pilot and was married to Xerain Louve. He had a son named Anzil Davryn.
Dracon Yialon was born in Vodolon and died in Eternity's Mud River. He was a noisemakerman and worked for the Narlaxak Theatre Company. He was married to Henes Kimel.
1969-04-20 born Eustathios Stathen was a Databinding Engineer and held the position of Astroth Crescal. He died in Mixxtallon on 1989-12-26.
Chryse Folee was born on 5th August 1862. She is a labyrinthologist and held the position of Bunesh Halaeg. She is a member of the Order of the Ent and worked for Nova Rock Island University.
Vico Iolle was born on 8 February 1878 and has a child called Halexaina Reian. He was employed by Grimsnon Riviera and held the position of Jaboon Uthon. He was an automaton trader.
Orgo Lorin was born in Klaiston and his mother is Daron Bidor. He is a spaceport technician and his religion is Kithanasia. He is employed by Trisona Oceania.
Jaro Tynos was born in 1820 and is married to Sliman Sing. He has a child called Eustathios Stathen. Jaro Tynos is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and performs Neo-Levantine music.
Anzil Davryn was a curator of souls who died in Grov. He was married to Gule Yarcon and worked for Grimsnon Riviera. He has works in the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Thoras Baras was born in Lecigar and his occupation is Gosaika Beats. He plays the Ev and his employer is Ultraceto TV. He held the position of Forge Magister.
Koson Marqo was born in Santonnisio and is married to Remol Certran. He is a Boundary Agent and participated in Balzjet. He weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Orgo Lorin was born in Vystoewe and died in Eternity's Mud River. He was married to Arrya Nihte and had a child named Anix Tisge. He worked in Pidrathe.
Karile Finik is the child of Kevalon Nemes, who has the parents, Moirux Heylin and Jorel Calyon. Kevalon Nemes is also the brother of Roka Maram. Chroto Xajean is the wife of Kevalon Nemes.
Pharscy Yavon was born in Mirverik and has a child called Jacee Mel. He is a Cryptolithographer and has worked for Quirbell Software Solutions. He was a participant in the Sumyryn Summit.
Salvitu Velau was born on 28 January 1986 in Mazelolle. He was a personal aide and worked in Monarvia. He was married to Eustathios Stathen.
Quintin Yoson was born in Roemia and died in Huningbeng. He was an allure artist and his father was Aderon Feenon.
Zireen William, who held the position of Emperor Tarsin, has a father called Comad Wimble. Comad Wimble's mother is Diathan Sarnon and his sibling is Aderon Feenon, who is a member of the Praelor Dynasty.
Nash Zuenir was born in 1963 and his religion is Quonastran. He is an ethnic Nashim and his child is Ouashti Osarum. His father is Chryse Folee.
Gevril Eino, who held the position of Emperor Antiochres, was married to Hadan Takeon and had a child called Hadan. His mother was Remol Certran and his father was Salvitu Velau.
Greyno Ash was born on 24 February 119 and died an unknown date. He was a core cartographer and was married to Arabon Sanle. His father was Sliman Sing.
Coltion Gowvan is a Biquadricakist who was born in Sanctum D'Accordo. He is married to Gateyon Rious and is currently working in Pytalmore. He held the position of Oonish Copaturous.
Payda Ploce is the son of Brineon Darka and Liath Torec. Brineon Darka has a son named Dracon Yialon who is a member of the House of Elowe. Dracon Yialon has a son named Daron Bidor.
Dana Grago was born to Se Simon Ymve and Lesollax Neais. He was a Biquadricakist and worked as an Amara Refoua. He died on 1904-12-05.
Ranyar Phael was born in 1985 and has the occupation of Spin Circuit Probeologist. He is employed by Droving Security and has the parents Dakron Sater and Koxin Daou.
Ohleen Ranon was a student of Oshedon Zaqar and a Glaze Welder. He was a Core Cartographer and a follower of Elmerianism. He died in Venutio.
Dakron Sater was born in Elbaro on October 12th, 1977. He was a shimmer mechanic and had a child called Fretheon Rykne. He died on June 13th, 1980.
Elzer Padon was a Flucomancer who worked in Estradal. He was married to Nash Zuenir and held the position of President Glorina Grasso. He died on 1941-11-19.
Brineon Darka was born on 28 November 1694 and died of Exilienous. He was a spaceport technician and his notable work was Surrexit Noctissima. He was a member of Orson's Evade.
Winin Max is a labyrinthologist and a student of Shanteer Trilan. Shanteer Trilan is a student of Orsonuen and has a time period of Vulholmic. Elzer Padon is also a student of Shanteer Trilan.
Nesett Nialan is a booginon player and a Myrtristine. He is married to Nonos Quier, a Preceptor Inventor, who is a participant in the 2024-25 Century Games.
Enna Ceana was a student of Feal Woddon and his child was Telion Trame. He was married to Henes Kimel and held the position of Emperor Antiochres. He died in Vedronas.
Ranor Ondale is a Grand Strategist and his child is Wolf Runan. He is married to Ryteon Vem and his father is Zannes Sorem. He is a student of Ayre Zhirina.
Leonan Kwarr, who has a child called Jakethoan Narcis, is a native speaker of Strango. He is a participant in the 2038-39 Pulsar Championship and his employer is Turbostrate. He is also known as Morvingon.
Chayneal Ersh, who has the pseudonym Klabitz, is a native speaker of Phalndyce. He is an ornisonologist and has the medical condition of Selicituserta. His mother is Fenen Donco.
Astemal born Gateyon Rious is a Jeldarian writer and musician. He is a participant in the Time Travel World Expo and holds the position of Templar Knight. He plays the Varminom.
Exar Sesar was born on 2 May 1915 and died in 1982. He was a member of the Bakenshaw family and worked as a Koral. He played the glibigl.
Hadan Takeon was born in Krugra and has a mother called Tula Nidello. He is married to Arabon Sanle and his occupation is Liorah. He was a participant in the Voyage of the Horizon.
Vico Iolle was born in Quetrica and died in the same place. He held the position of Jariel and had children called Toveg Mayf and Thoras Baras.
Candiba Sadol was a Serpendo and a Master Primus. He was born in Farlien and died in the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel. He had a sibling named Ryteon Vem.
Henes Kimel is a Cryptolithographer who held the position of Gloggar. He is a member of the Union of Interdimensional Rescuers and his native language is Eystrin. He also writes in Eystrin.
Parem Ripin was born in Parsten and died in Parsten. He held the position of Jariel and had children named Jakarso Sminex, Chryse Folee and Feal Woddon.
Baba Anate was born in Cederville and has 2 children. He is a spaceport technician and plays the Strumtoot. He performs jazziva music and has worked in the field of Gl.
Corad Creson is a Manchillan speaking Oatheeist who was born in Kret and has a child named Kevalon Nemes. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and has a sibling named Saham Fliind.
Little Karm was a military man who was a Forsetor. He was married to Montanul Shorn and had a child called Aloro Zon. He was born to Nipher Ylize and died on 1973-09-15.
Frox Haria was born in Klerahena and died in Glofforton. He was the son of Orman Saat and the father of Amunda Lune. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and his mother was Ryteon Vem.
Xerain Louve is a Jeweltender and Ranett Mosv is her student. Farmer Mesten is a student of Salvitu Velau, who was born on an unknown date and died in Sertonnor.
Amon Ducam was born on 15 August 1975 and has a mass of 57.0 kilograms. He is a Visceronoic speaker and his occupation is a Databinding Engineer. He is a participant in Galjowlball and Neoarchery.
Balamor Donae was born in Ebre on May 19th, 1326. He was a Vapormage and studied at the Lexin University of Technology. He was a student of Krant Nemol, who died in Windsbury.
Amon Ducam was a Codesleuth who worked for Sentricus Borough Public University. He died on 1996-01-08 in Vrosven, Bergundon.
Lerois Lonol was born on 16 February 1977 and his occupation is Xavier Zierke. He is a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his sport is Equilisio. He is related to Caro Nemeo who was born in Wymux.
Sessas Neilo was born on 10/01/1947 in Ratteau. He is a Grand Vizor and has a child named Xander Foyal. He has a mother named Orman Saat and a sibling named Quintin Yoson.
Aderon Feenon is a curator of souls who has 2 children. He is related to Narina Orga and his mother is Zannes Sorem. He is a member of the Houraveletico sports team and was nominated for the Celestial Star for Ensemble.
Royne Balre was a Core Cartographer who died from Str. He was born in Pamirska and his parents were Rechart Skyel and Remol Certran. He had a child named Candiba Sadol.
Vico Iolle, who has the title of Zendon Cormack, is married to Jakarso Sminex. He is the son of Dovay Ezzio and Chroto Xajean. He has a child called Dauton Lasse.
Majeron Vlare is a student of Moollim Leesom and an automaton trader. He is employed by the Yagiva Academy and his place of work is Apresyl. He has a mother called Winin Max and his place of burial is Everfeather Graveyard.
1950-01-25 born Asthona Meyas is a Jeldarian curator of souls. He is a member of the Fountwell Academy and has worked on the notable work Conspiracy of the Sinister Emperor.
Mallen Reyvas was a student of Gevril Eino and Jeccig Viidon. He was a Volapte artist who died in Santonnisio and was buried in the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
SeSimon Ymve is the son of Ouashti Osarum and Gevril Eino. He has a child called Euler Toven, who is married to Koson Marqo. Euler Toven has a sibling called Ethar Gilme and his family is Carnvalon.
Exar Sesar is a member of the Carnvalon family and has the title of Ambrosia Halemin. He is married to Wolf Runan, who is the father of Ayre Zhirina. Exar Sesar has a sibling called Halexaina Reian.
Payda Ploce was born in Tifurney and died on 1966-04-07. He was a Fuel Emissary and worked in Wystomal. He was the father of Caro Nemeo.
Onenza Zat was born on July 20th, 1996. He is a Septagauger and held the position of High Prelate. He worked in Pytalmore and has a son called Brineon Darka and a mother called Eustathios Stathen.
Jorel Calyon was born in Girby County and died on 30 August 2006. He was a Colonel Siow and held the position of Kezmir Batae. He was a member of the Acrynus social class and worked at Luckywater.
Feal Woddon was born in Arochol and his occupation is Daywing. He held the position of Dr. Phinnral and his father was Hadan Takeon. His mother is Dakron Sater and his child is Koxin Daou.
Emryna Nwinki is a flavorseeker whose mother is Aloro Zon. Aloro Zon is the wife of Henes Kimel, who is the Emperor Dunvus. Aloro Zon is also the wife of Frox Haria, who is the father of Henes Kimel. The Kimel family is also known as the Vasily Claw.
Payda Ploce was born in Windsbury and died in Akidity. He was a roboticist and his most notable work was The Phoenix's Tangled Creed. He died from Tensoakers and Cascadon.
Phillida Tesey was born in Ziefenthalsberg and his father is Asthona Meyas. He is a Vapormage and his student is Moirux Heylin. He has a sister called Halexaina Reian and his title is Lord of Maginor.
Ranor Ondale was a Septagauger who worked for Tormityard University. He was the father of Cantan Joron and was in a position to hold Emmett Pankuhl. He died in Thaporth and was buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Fessenan Dan was born on 3 June 1982 and died from autorecapiscular. He was a Karvelia Flamineo and his wife was Rechart Skyel, who is a member of the Sonic Thunders.
Chryse Folee was born in Gincoln arrondissement and died in Flor. He was a rulership adviser and his occupation was Shade Watersmith. His genre was Alexanderian and his father was Oshedon Zaqar.
Hadan Takeon was born on 10th March 1933 and died in Rindor. He was a reality builder and held the position of Ubello Geemar. His wife was Karile Finik and his child was Ouashti Osarum.
Anzil Davryn was a shimmer mechanic who died in Crombix. He was married to Roeran Nadays and had a sibling called Baba Anate. He was a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty and his father was Yocuim Ticor.
Lohant Taelyn was born on 22nd June 1964. He was a shimmer mechanic and held the position of Xeniya. He was related to Greyno Ash and died in Klaiston. He had a child called Elzer Padon.
Henes Kimel is a student of Parem Ripin and Jeccig Viidon. He is a plasmacaster and his occupation is Odontorepenticans. He has 2 children.
Assova Amevis was born on 12 February 1809 in Giminy. He was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and died on 31 July 1914. He had a father called Leonan Kwarr and a sister called Payda Ploce.
Vackeron Bline was born in Fert and died in Cropilla House. He had parents Roka Maram and Jaro Tynos. Aloro Zon was a child of Jaro Tynos, who was married to Roka Maram.
Farmer Mesten was born in Grov and died on 1969-04-20. He was a Databinding Engineer and held the position of Nival Norfir. He was married to Leonan Kwarr and his native language was Sanctum D'Accordo.
Chroto Xajean has several children, including Dauton Lasse, Emryna Nwinki, Daron Bidor and Telion Trame. He also has a father, Moollim Leesom and a mother, Zozo Isandria.
Corad Creson was born in Ekkrad and died in Chareonorne. He worked in Xemall and held the position of Es. He died in a Narirrapture.
Fessenan Dan was born on 26 August 2016 and is a reality builder. He has worked in the field of ultraspacecraft and is a member of the Fessenan Dan Sport Ultraspacecraft. He is currently employed by Delta-Lance. Ayre Zhirina is his unmarried partner.
Arabon Sanle was born in Ember Rise and his occupation is actingwhim. He has worked for the Numadio Modern Arts collection and his genre is Espionovels. He is a Dendarican writer and has been nominated for the Tenodox ZaZa Award.
Elignoth Schade was born in Fert and died in Xemall. He was a refoua and worked for Yorel Murin. He had a child named Karile Finik and his father was Emrica Note.
Corad Creson was born in Pemberilta and died in Brevin Jakule. He was a member of the Eryndon Chargebor and held the position of Warden Jastill. He had a mother called Quintin Yoson and a child called Kins Mixin Orsh.
Wolf Runan was born in Dantor Pauran and Sliman Sing. He was married to Lohant Taelyn and has children named Royne Balre and Chryse Folee. He died in Venethum.
Ganasah Jilson, who has the pseudonym Morstohe, is a political leader who was nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize. He is a Horizon Stitcher and Alexanderian who works for Winto Sun Gazette. His mother is Daron Bidor.
Tula Nidello was born on October 15th, 1940. He is a musician who plays the Varminom and has the genre Suzie's Soul. He has a mother called Soner Onnawe and a father called Ethar Gilme. He is a Brightstrike.
Brineon Darka was born on 1929-09-13 in Gincoln arrondissement. He was a political leader and was nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership. He was a Core Cartographer and a member of the P movement. He was known as Syndrye.
Isca Anxin was born in Santonnisio and died in Glofforton. He was a Vapormage and his native language was Sanctum D'Accordo. He held the position of Jaboon Uthon. Ranyar Phael was his child.
Kleio Awine was a Koral and an Elwizt. He was a notable work of art and his work was Dawn of the Unknown. He was a member of the Miravi Pictures collection and died in Cascadon.
Kole Maasing was born in No and has a father called Corad Creson. He is a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his position is Baron. He works in Rhosetin and has a child called Daron Bidor.
Vico Iolle was a Biquadricakist who held the position of Magi Saint. He worked at the Salonshall University for Arts and Sciences in Glofforton. He had a child named Parem Ripin and died on 1989-11-24.
Zozo Isandria, who has the pseudonym Syndrye, is a musician who performs Sci-Fuzz music. He is a hotlark player and his native language is Semplin. He is influenced by Jaro Tynos and has a child called Emryna Nwinki.
Ranett Mosv was a student of Frox Haria, who was born in Sophyna and died in Taum. He played the plingolo.
Arrya Nihte is a Varrahmun Trivulga who has 2 children, Liath Torec and Soner Onnawe. He is a member of the Quorach sport and held the position of Ethanul Cralia. Arrya Nihte's work location is Ember Rise.
Shanteer Trilan was born on 1904-12-05 and has a father called Emrica Note. He is a Cuithkeq artist and was an Interval Eclipse Batcher. He worked for Alcable Consulting and his archives are at the Purlington Learning Resource Center.
Celt Saffron was born in Blixney and died in Juwaasa. He was a member of the Jula Kyerev and the Ichoronga causes. He was buried in the Sanctaspruce Cathedral and was depicted in The Seer's Vision. He had a sibling named Brevin Jakule.
Emrica Note was born in Orrochil and died in Fustetra. He was a relative of Marcil Varcin and worked in Azulita Phenomenology. He was employed by the E Washington Institute of Technology and his occupation was Logonima.
Socal Amell is a member of the Lionaldonism religion and his native language is Floralish. He is a member of the ethnic group Kalians and his occupation is Koral. He is the owner of Rhyme-Crossed Heirlooms and his genre is Galaxian Discourse. His eye color is Auguryblue.
Quintin Yoson was born in 1991 and is married to Yiprun Iriles. He is a plasmacaster who worked for Iliteck Services and is influenced by Torin Yosh. He is a participant in Sumyryn Summit and has worked on the WikioTechs project.
Jacee Mel was a Karvelia Flamineo who worked until 1986. He was influenced by Tula Nidello and died in Jorgah. He has a child named Kole Maasing. He was a Dokstir and died in a Trancept Tangle Incident.
Xerain Louve is a Jelorin speaking Neuromantic writer who was a Krogul Tsuen and Interworld Summit participant. He is married to Yiprun Iriles and has a sibling named Balamor Donae. He was nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership.
Amunda Lune was born in Clapham Oasis and his father is Saham Fliind. He is a potterywynder and his notable work is The Un. He is an Amorousyl and his child is Lerois Lonol. He has an archive at Voldellos Memorial Library.
Brineon Darka was born on an unknown date and died on 1710-02-15. He was a student of Yiprun Iriles and a notable work of his is Veil of the Underworld. He was a Neuromantic and his writing language was Ulsita. His genre was Saishou-goo-riku.
Dana Grago is a musician who plays the instrument Naecelli. He is a Blarveller and his occupation is Meanguy. He has a child called Anzil Davryn and his work is located in Kaleshire. He has works in the collection of Arcaphotos and his genre is Autocriff.
Feal Woddon is a musician who has a child called Yocuim Ticor. He is a student of Se Simon Ymve and his occupation is Octolot. He performs Spinequiver Concertato and his notable work is Lullapippi. He has a father called Nonos Quier.
Arabon Sanle is a Terscoxideologist who is married to Emrica Note. He is represented by Karile Finik and is a lumarian fables writer. He was nominated for the Lucari Medal and has written the book Mystic Mosaics.
1985-10-08 is the date of the death of Jakethoan Narcis. He was a Plythanian and was married to Tuxin Fohean. He was the son of Ouashti Osarum and had a sibling called Sessas Neilo. He was nominated for the Celestial Star for Ensemble.
Roka Maram is a musician who plays the rollarrax. He is a member of the Rillulah occupation and the Harmonious Orbits. He is a Langitik musician who has performed the song Denzvedd. He is owned by Lam and died of Pherlinux.
Nipher Ylize is a potterywynder who was influenced by Koson Marqo. He was married to Kole Maasing and was a Neomi Feltz. He was a Spoonful of Stardust Award nominee and died from Cascadon. He was buried at Strossley Manor.
Parem Ripin was a member of the Spectral Art House and worked as a Graffonson Gelfelho. He was a participant in the Last Baunt Award and was a member of the Marvellous Scholar Archives. He died in Strossley Manor of Cascadon. He ended his career in 1999.
Toveg Mayf was a Leilana and a member of the Oatheeism religion. He was a musician who was influenced by Payda Ploce and died on 30 August 2006 in Cascadon. He wrote the Luminescence Verse.
Montanul Shorn was born on 23 December 1912. He was a student of Aidah Lerel and his occupation was Elrad Malae. He was a member of the Plingolo band and was a student at the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel. He was a student of Asthona Meyas.
Makin Grinyon was born in Borjinnee and died from Lexidrosis. He was a member of the Bakenshaws family and the Bluesaunaism religion. He was a Vicotre Rochambeau and his writing language was Strango. Makin Grinyon's archives are at the Siskos Library.
Egor Jipen, who is married to Torin Yosh, is a Veedersky employee and a Tuidum Fest participant. He has the nickname Morvingon and uses the Eystrin language. He has a pet called Harlah and his lifestyle is Go-Cal.
Erjano Metcan is a Cemgeal musician who was born in Yirost and died in the Silverbell Graveyard. He had 5 children and his father was Emrica Note. He retired in 2018. He wrote in Welvish.
Makin Grinyon, who was born in the Siblings of Arabon Sanle, was a starhorn. He was a biglubitism and was married to Kory Darvan. He was buried in the Nieppon Sea. Makin Grinyon was also known as Morvingon and ended his career on 2004-12-05.
Kole Maasing is a member of the Newardship religion and his occupation is Amara Refoua. He has a child called Socal Amell and his sister is Balamor Donae. He was a participant in Czenzomar and was nominated for the Iconic Nobel Prize for Cultural. He held the position of Duchaince of media.
Brevin Jakule was born in San and died of Abidaque. He was a Vapormage and a Contridanza performer. He was a Metamorpoetic artist and his works are in the collection of the Soarumba Modern Arts Museum. He was a Fulcrustalism.
Ohleen Ranon was born on March 2, 1938. He was married to Vico Iolle and has one child. He was a member of the religion of Eldflamingant and was influenced by The Mystical World of Eloquence. He was the owner of Lantern Yarns and died of autorecapiscular.
Aidah Lerel was born on July 1, 1889 in Sondhald. He is a roboticist who weighs 58.0 kilograms. He has played in the Racelite Rankings and Wyldekeep Rush.
Telion Trame is a Dahonielle Bakker who is a notable work of Chariot of Iron. He is a Plythanian writer who has a child named Amunda Lune and a mother called Ranor Ondale. He is also married to Kevalon Nemes.
Anzil Davryn was a Rouqar Wind who died on 1887-09-14. He was a Mercurryx and his religion is Ramognia. He was married to Euler Toven and his writing language was Strango. He was an archivist and his archives are located at Furinterry.
Remol Certran was a cartophag who worked for the Outerlands University of Western Learning. He was a student of Karile Finik and his notable work was Surrexit Noctissima. He had a sibling named Erjano Metcan and died on July 16, 2001 in Vodolon.
Jacee Mel was a Gownzer and a Treasurekeeper who was influenced by Candiba Sadol. He was married to Baba Anate and died on 1710-02-15. His most notable work was The Dreamer's Paradise.
Liath Torec was born in Per and lives in Cederville. He is a caravanner and a Kitechaser. He has a degree in Degronidarian and has written Atlantis's Echoes. He is a participant in the Astral Congress.
Daltosty Education Hub employee and Raeon Parvas student, Nonos Quier, has the pseudonym Klabitz. He is a performer of the musical genre, Quickpulse and has a child named Vackeron Bline. He is depicted by the book, "Dawn Splendour".
Raeon Parvas is a magitarism who works as a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. He is married to Blither Xesto and has a mother called Filounton Bonen. He has worked for Visaty and has works in the collection of Avaris Vault. He is a student of Gule Yarcon.
1920s born Lerois Lonol was a prohibitioner and had a child called Moirux Heylin. He was a notable worker and his most famous work is The Curse of the Unknowable Forest. He was a member of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and was depicted in the Blue Revolution. Lerois Lonol wrote in Cecilia English and was buried in Elystan Cathedral.
Parem Ripin was an Alexanderian who died in 1902 at Edelmere Estate. He was the father of Wanaonta Ismon and had a sister called Vackeron Bline. He wrote in Cecilia English and his works are in the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Exar Sesar was born in the Bakenshaw family and died in 4 ABY. He was a Huvifrute musician and had a son called Xander Foyal. He was married to Feal Woddon.
Chryse Folee, who has the nickname Balbekh, is a reality builder who was a participant in the Tuidum Fest. Chryse Folee is a relative of Coltion Gowvan and has a sibling called Ranor Ondale. Chryse Folee held the position of Saluncro Monavre and was depicted by EnvyScape.
Leonan Kwarr was born on 24 December 1945 and died of Rilphanian Fever. He was the owner of The Seer's Vision and his family was the Jyregaard Dynasty. He had an unmarried partner called Ouashti Osarum and a child called Winin Max. His eyes were Neonbolite.
1981-06-19 born Parem Ripin was a Marfrum player and a participant in the Rockawsay Festival. He was married to Comad Wimble and his notable work includes the Ruin of the Witchlord's Curse. He ended his career in 1684. Parem Ripin's unmarried partner is Elignoth Schade.
Emrica Note, aka Frupopp, is a Yzerous who plays the Tropeshar. He is a Liricen and has a child named Liath Torec. He is an Astro-Crash musician and has a notable work called Bopasical.
Halexaina Reian is a reality builder who works in the field of Claquestical Cal. He is a student of Narina Orga and his notable work is the Galean Theorem. He is married to Comad Wimble and lives in Taum. Halexaina Reian's writing language is Kirvi.
Ranyar Phael was a roboticist who died in 1999. He was a student of Jakarso Sminex and Brevin Jakule. He played the plingolo and was the composer of Ebony Jazzoid. He had a sibling named Gevril Eino.
Nash Zuenir was a singer and a student of Roka Maram. He was a member of the ethnic group Hopkalyn Borjhart and a performer of hardstyleboogie. He was the author of Lullapippi and died of Helvoril Liver Blight. He was influenced by Netom Ecil.
Little Karm is a musician who plays the Trimbone. He is influenced by Elai Shorce and his genre is Streamprical. He has a sister called Enna Ceana and his occupation is Asalah Taha. He is owned by Silouette and ended his career in 2020.
Gule Yarcon is a thoughtkeeper who plays the Scerat. He is a member of the Tuarafana ethnic group and has a medical condition called Yergart Syndrome. He is a Murkzelk and is influenced by Sessas Neilo. He has a sister called Chryse Folee.
KinsMixin Orsh is a databinding engineer who lives in Tessaunt. He is the son of Mallen Reyvas and has a child called Fironia Towx. He is a relative of Emrica Note and has worked for the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. One of his notable works is the Ocean of Joy.
Netom Ecil was born in Vasotol and died on 1987-10-22. He was an Orsonuen artist and his child was Anzil Davryn. He was a participant in the Magsikal Wonders and his works are in the New Light Pavilion. He was depicted by Sun Speckle.
Atok Gesse was born in Allegripp Manor and died in Raelot.
Liairna Anatle is the Protector of the Celestial Waters and is also known as Jariel.
Euler Toven was born on 10th March 1940 and his notable work is Den.
Sessas Neilo was born in Z and died in Nirvalin.
Halexaina Reian is a Terashero and a Shade Watersmith.
Ayre Zhirina is a Jiveslicker and her writing language is Tohmema.
Eustathios Stathen held the position of Hafzen and the High Prophet of the Burning Sun.
Avaneon Veinn was born in 1985 and is employed by the Londonia Research Institute.
Narina Orga is a Royal Strategist and is part of Kestur & Clari.
Aderon Feenon is a caravanner who lives in the Sulbuni Age.
Moirux Heylin was born on 22nd June 1939 and is a curator of souls.
Greyno Ash died on 1779-02-14 in Glofforton.
Aderon Feenon, who has the mother Novou Krosle, held the position of Imperial Sovereign.
Oshedon Zaqar was born on 1825-09-04 and is a participant in the Magix Topaz Draughts Championship.
Yocuim Ticor was born in Baignotte and makes a living as a Meanguy.
Makin Grinyon was born in Barenti and died in the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
Anix Tisge was born on 2242-09-22 and is a Curator of Souls.
Nesett Nialan was born in Armoen and is a Nzurdor.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Barenti and died in the Coabrit Monastery.
Makin Grinyon was born in Noxit on 09/02/1971.
Salvitu Velau was born in Amestalin and makes a living as a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist.
Jacee Mel has the father Emrica Note who has the child Toveg Mayf.
Isca Anxin was born in Delphitine and is a Lunine Makonite.
Fessenan Dan has the father Nash Zuenir and the mother Lesollax Neais.
Thoras Baras was an Oravas and died in Moirvey.
Emryna Nwinki is a Horizon Stitcher who is in the Ignatus Cup.
Mallen Reyvas is a Preceptor Inventor and a Raventender.
Racso Delain was born in Oryasho in 1994.
Asthona Meyas was a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who died in Nresson.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Ubbuleb and is a Lunine Makonite.
Koxin Daou was a Preceptor Inventor who died on 1979-09-05.
Dovay Ezzio was born on 1920-05-15 and died in Gu.
Ohleen Ranon, who weighs 125.0 kilograms, is a participant in the Ravilian EuroBasket.
Nipher Ylize was born in Olmerain and is a Curator of Souls.
Dantor Pauran was born in Usustol Region on March 2, 1931.
Montanul Shorn, whose father is Ganasah Jilson, has the religion Kresarven.
Chayneal Ersh is a Werner Gerstner who is employed by Topdax.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Freoport on 26 June 1992.
Arrya Nihte was born in Estradal and plays for the Sport Clomper.
Kole Maasing, who died in Platoonier, was a member of the Aequilana field of work.
Doness Veron is a Korsina language writer who wrote the book "Angel of the Deluge".
Daron Bidor was born on 31 December 1985 and was a participant in the 2040-41 Quazco Challenge.
Balamor Donae was born in Taramorsa and his occupation is Corbin Keithly.
Remol Certran, which has a mass of 90.0 kilograms, is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Holo Norvah, who died in Brinberow, once held the position of Interoxus Kamalfai.
Koxin Daou was born on the 25th of March 1987 and is a Core Cartographer.
Oshedon Zaqar is a participant in the Wintert and plays for the Sport Gloamrun.
Coicus Wilon was born in Kenspott and is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist.
Ethar Gilme was born in Meadowsweet and is a carpentry consultant.
Amunda Lune was a Core Cartographer who died in Poldenby.
Diathan Sarnon was born on 10th March 1940 in Marrion and his occupation is Dr. Substrack Lyte.
Avaneon Veinn is a native speaker of Zalevith and his writing language is also Zalevith. He is an Asherl.
1. Kory Darvan is the child of Oshedon Zaqar, who held the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin. 2. Kory Darvan is the sibling of Egor Jipen.
Egor Jipen was born in 1991 and is a carpentry consultant who has the religion of Downeyedenism.
Voqril Ervel was born on 2 March 1931 and is a Clarin Shomrat who has been nominated for the Quibbel Prize.
Remol Certran was born in Ehlanth and his native language is Cecilia English. He is a Shimmer Mechanic.
Aposto Phylis is the occupation of Jakarso Sminex, who has a sport of Twidgerat and a mass of 60.0 kilograms.
Koxin Daou is a Burlex Voofer who plays Jumbletag and has participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Isca Anxin is an Embee Trefan who played in the 2024-25 Century Games.
Enna Ceana, who is a member of the Erobran Atheletics team, has a mass of 43.0 kilograms and is an Iganus Soori.
Daron Bidor, who weighs 57.0 kilograms, is a participant in Maze Trampolining and plays the sport of Flighnap.
Jakarso Sminex is a Vapormage who weighs 64.0 kilograms and is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Sessas Neilo, who has the occupation of NaHo Braezin, is a participant in Observatory Jumping and plays for the Sessas Neilo Sport Twidgerat.
Tuxin Fohean was born in Hycilo and died on 2021-05-01. He was a polymagnetic.
Nolin Haran was born in Mononpart and is a member of the Veridata Movement. He is an Illiongah writer.
Coicus Wilon was born in Noxit, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and is a Neyre Ranalo.
Leonan Kwarr, who was born on 26 June 1992, uses the Mymahley language and was a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Asthona Meyas is a student of Assova Amevis, an Occonomyist and a member of the Nihilesty movement.
Gule Yarcon was born in the Kotlarsky Oblast and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He also plays the sport of Flighnap.
Phillida Tesey was a Logonima who died on 1876-09-05. Her archives are at Estheim College.
Roeran Nadays was born in Larrella and his occupation is Neyre Ranalo. He also plays Catchcrawl.
Kole Maasing was born on 10th March 1940, died in Gravelwood and was a native speaker of Akoloni.
Onenza Zat was born on 7th October 1910 and is a participant in Aqu. He plays Bubblechase.
Brineon Darka, who died on 1994-07-12, was a participant in Erobran Atheletics and his sport is Durbles.
Dakron Sater was born on July 12th, 1994 and his occupation is Kallen Hoptoff. He is also the author of the book Yassish.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Calizona and is a Lunine Makonite who works for the Galelsia Arts College.
Anix Tisge was born in Runnelmoor and died on 1896-08-13. He was employed by Pardington University.
Assova Amevis, who died in Siepkenheim, was a participant in the Erobran Atheletics and his sport is Twidgerat.
Kins Mixin Orsh was born in Keluthon and died on 221-09-09. He was a Phedre Holt.
Geboren Chasim was born on 30 October 1906 and is a Vapormage who participated in Liquid Aqualete.
Roeran Nadays was born on 15th March 1985 and his occupation is Glenda Ollistar. He is a participant in Trimpulse.
Wolf Runan was born on 19 April 2016 in Covestone and has the occupation of Asherl.
Filounton Bonen, who died in Sanzoana, was a student of Phrascy Yavon, an Imaginiquer.
Jakarso Sminex was a roboticist who worked in the field of Magagrany and died in Tharinta.
Hadan Takeon was born on 10th March 1940 and his occupation is Maon Wilburn. He plays Mockridge.
Henes Kimel, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is an Embee Trefan and was a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Moollim Leesom was a native of Elonza and died in Valverio. He was an Elgrim Bard.
Tula Nidello was born in Sunseton and weighs 65.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the Tempest Tournament.
Kory Darvan was born on 11th April 1981 and is a participant in Aqu and a Colek Duborn.
Gule Yarcon's father is Fretheon Rykne, who was born in Lutheczar Mound and has Corad Creson for a mother.
Leonan Kwarr is a Hefeah Kravin who plays Wastl and is a participant in the Quawnemtea.
Soner Onnawe is a Bubblechase participant and Inamae.
Fenen Donco was born in 1794 and died in the Mishaketik Reserve. He was a member of the Phanriim people.
Jeccig Viidon is a Burlex Voofer who plays Gloamrun and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Montanul Shorn was born on 15th March 1985 and is a colek duborn who participated in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble.
Kleio Awine is a member of the social class of Mythrodons and died from Melithiaxiothron. He was a Zarahemla My.
Egor Jipen was born on 1 May 2021 in Roimots and his native language is Jabdil.
Leonan Kwarr was born in Diglikado and died in Gwicto. He was a professor of Ethicyta.
Thoras Baras was born in 1040 and is an energy weaver who writes in Fomese.
Amon Ducam, a Zalevith writer, was a Stellar Scribe and was nominated for the Prism Award for Most Adapted Screen.
Nonos Quier is married to Feal Woddon and has a mother called Geboren Chasim who was born during the Akadaimic Reign. He is a Fyle.
Winin Max was born on 1949-12-01. He is an Embee Trefan and has participated in Trimpulse. He is also the creator of the Winin Max Sport Gloamrun.
Cantan Joron was born on 4 February 1897 and was a participant in Toronathon. He was a turnnag and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard.
Emryna Nwinki was a student at Fancienance University and worked in the field of Biozonics. He was an automaton trader who died in Gradershire.
Amunda Lune was born on 28 December 1986 and died on 1 May 2021. He died from Cascadon and Wotasmerd.
Tula Nidello was born in Rad and has a mother called Corad Creson. He is married to Voqril Ervel and his occupation is Enigma.
Cantan Joron was born in Diglikado and died in Tidarnof. He was a shimmer mechanic and a core cartographer.
Xerain Louve was born in 1842 and is a member of the Anvantrybian religious order. He is a spaceport technician and his writing language is Korsina.
Fironia Towx was born on 25th December 1916. He is a Glaze Welder and has Ohofuse as a medical condition. He is a Labrunish speaker.
Thoras Baras was born in Akidity and is a native speaker of Labrunish. He is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and has Malxar as a medical condition.
1. Greyno Ash, who died in Ardunen, was the Divine Regent of the Dark Seas. His father was Daron Bidor, who was the Voice of the Wetlands.
Koson Marqo was born on 1942-02-14. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He plays netbend.
Baba Anate was born in the Bronzetown District and his occupation is Hefeah Kravin. He is a participant in the Sanapro Global Games and his sport is Mockridge.
Aloro Zon was born in Delphitine on 23 August 1122. He was a Precipitator and wrote in Arzundar.
Emrica Note was born on 1910-04-26 and died on 2532-11-26. He was also known as Syndrye and played Sport Bubblechase.
Corad Creson was born in Vissamie in 1420 and died in 1217. He was a spaceport technician.
Ouashti Osarum was born on 4th December 1981 and weighs 60.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the Aqu sport and his sport is Quorach.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Grov and is married to Corad Creson. He has a mass of 60.0 kilograms and was a participant in Agletha.
Asthona Meyas was born on 18th April 1163. He is a Hefeah Kravin and has played Jumbletag. He has also participated in the Sanapro Global Games.
Amunda Lune was born in Phrazine and died in Apresyl on 2000-10-30. He was married to Ouashti Osarum.
Comad Wimble was born in Oryx and his occupation is Dr. Jube Curyptic. He is a member of the Sarivon Systems and works for the Mosilina Theological Sciences Institute.
Aidah Lerel has a mother called Vackeron Bline and a father called Liairna Anatle. Liairna Anatle is married to Vackeron Bline and has a child called Fironia Towx.
Chroto Xajean is a participant in Trimpulse and has a mass of 60.0 kilograms. He is an Inamae and plays Wastl.
Aidah Lerel, who died of Ladernadoin, was a Cheyenne Vespah. He was married to Lerois Lonol and his father was Koson Marqo.
Toveg Mayf was born on the 4th of December 1981. He is a member of the ethnic group M and his religion is Whiteesperance. Toveg Mayf's occupation is Bundonton.
Balamor Donae, who died on 25 July 1924, was a Lunine Makonite. He was married to Dakron Sater and his father was Amunda Lune.
Celt Saffron was born on 1932-04-04 and is a native speaker of P. He was a Bubblechase athlete and is related to Avaneon Veinn.
Elzer Padon was a Hadesownism musician and a Remantatrix. He died in Milimuth on 1985-12-31.
Novou Krosle was born in Zadovrey and died on 1864-12-22. He was a Geotropismatics and his occupation was Lunine Makonite.
Yiprun Iriles was born on 1942-02-14 and died in Coronildo on 1998-06-06. He was a tracefinder.
Jacee Mel is a Daggar Nalvick who worked for Talk. He is a student of Soner Onnawe and his notable work is Pixel Tales.
Koxin Daou is a Vapormage who studied under Atok Gesse, who was born in Santonnisio. Nash Zuenir died in Santonnisio.
Anzil Davryn, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a relative of Greyno Ash. Greyno Ash is a participant in the 2024-25 Century Games and his sport is Wigglytoss.
Malonor Vosse was born in Pin Gurtha and is a native speaker of Sasazkan. He is a notable work of Cineverse and has the nickname of Plicsox.
Fretheon Rykne, who was born in Otamuhu, is a relative of Fessenan Dan. He is a participant in the 2082-83 Chromonia Derby and his occupation is Hefeah Kravin.
Socal Amell was born in Rataze and is a member of the Kyniebaks family. He has a child called Asthona Meyas and his occupation is Galzarro.
Zozo Isandria is a Shimmer Mechanic and a student of Lesollax Neais. Jacee Mel was born in Santonnisio and died in Lesollax Neais.
Hadan Takeon was born in Sondhald on 30 November 1700. He worked as a flurallyzer and has works in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Ohleen Ranon was a Kravdi Torrssen and died on 1990-07-22 in Milimuth. He was buried in Shabirast.
Orman Saat was born in Proseti and died on 1809-05-31. He was a core cartographer and worked for Skybright Educ.
1833-01-06 is the date of death of Gule Yarcon, who was a Kravdi Torrssen. Gule Yarcon's native language is Ruchik and his works are in the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Montanul Shorn was born in Ferroz on 30 October 1906. He was a Cryptolithographer and worked for VGM Talkies.
Montanul Shorn is married to Sessas Neilo and has a child called Elzer Padon. His father is Eustathios Stathen and his mother is Raeon Parvas.
Henes Kimel is a cartophag who works for the Tuliot Private University. He is a notable architect and a member of the Unisolve field of work. One of his notable works is The Architecture of Space City.
Tuxin Fohean, who died on 24 November 1997, was a Jaboon Uthon and a member of the Fegishion religion. He wrote in the Gesellan language.
Anix Tisge's mother is Onenza Zat, who has Voqril Ervel for a child. Onenza Zat's father is Ranor Ondale and her mother is Yocuim Ticor.
Torin Yosh was born in Valverio and is a participant in the Ignatus Cup. He is a Hefeah Kravin and plays for the Torin Yosh Sport Netbend.
Ranor Ondale was a Battle Colonel in the military and died on July 4th, 1933. He was a participant in Liquid Aqualete and his occupation was Hefeah Kravin.
Gevril Eino's father is Asthona Meyas, who was born in Huningbeng and has a son called Fretheon Rykne. Asthona Meyas is married to Montanul Shorn.
Comad Wimble was born in Dohogen and died in Admenth on 14th September 1906. He was a Maven Singh.
Lohant Taelyn has a child called Chryse Folee. Chryse Folee is a sibling of Elignoth Schade and his family is the Vasily Claw. Elignoth Schade is a sibling of Celt Saffron.
Orgo Lorin was the Monarch of the Lost Isles and died on 1938-12-13. He was married to Candiba Sadol and had a mother named Mallen Reyvas. He also had a sibling named Jakethoan Narcis.
Ethar Gilme was born on 30 November 1700 and his occupation is that of Glasnaar Drawer. He has a father called Vackeron Bline who was born in Windsbury. Ethar Gilme has also produced the notable work of Super Mysfits.
Assova Amevis was born in Pyarhola and his occupation is Vapormage. He has a father called Jorja Zerne and a wife called Onenza Zat.
Coicus Wilon was born on March 2, 1931. He worked at the Tarantella Institute as a mutatorsymbiosis. He was influenced by Feal Woddon and his occupation is Lexyni.
Spin Circuit Probeologist and Notestar Grammy nominee, Gateyon Rious, was born in Condonn City. He is a Newardship and has an unmarried partner named Hadan Takeon.
Diathan Sarnon, who has 3 children, was born in Zalevith and died in Farbeth. He was a member of the White Eagle Order and died of Exilienous.
Arrya Nihte was born in Delenker and is married to Aidah Lerel. His father is Erjano Metcan and his mother is Koxin Daou. Arabon Sanle is his child.
Kory Darvan was born in Gersven and died in Sciatrum. He was married to Erjano Metcan and had a child called Celt Saffron. He also had a mother called Oshedon Zaqar.
Coltion Gowvan was born on 26 May 1955 in Thurmond's Bank. He is a glasnaar drawer and his notable work is Wispy Masks. His father is Roka Maram.
Dana Grago was born in Pidrathe and is married to Jacee Mel. He has 2 children and worked as a Palzaccus. He held the position of Duchaince of media.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Visaty and is married to Rechart Skyel. He has two children and his occupation is Kalina Embree. He held the position of Armament Chief.
Moollim Leesom, who was born in Ouroska, is the voice of the Wetlands. His mother is Torin Yosh and his father is Wolf Runan. Moirux Heylin is Wolf Runan's child.
Zozo Isandria is an anomaly who is married to Brineon Darka. Brineon Darka is a participant in the Doododmil Olympiad and his sport is Slinkjump. He weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Marcil Varcin, who ended his career in 1983, was a Floorkin player and held the position of Onomar. He was a participant in the 2040-41 Quazco Challenge and his pseudonym is Klabitz.
Candiba Sadol was born on 11th April 1981 and died in Qlinthon. He worked for the Narlaxak Theatre Company at the Candiba Sadol Field of Work in Murkzelk. He is buried in the Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Yocuim Ticor is the Governor of Sulious and his spouse is Gateyon Rious. He has a son called Egor Jipen and his father is Jacee Mel. His mother is Ganasah Jilson.
Caroloha University is the employer of Caro Nemeo, who was born on 0948-09-01 in Castelonville. Caro Nemeo is a Manifester and his native language is Uriyen.
Quintin Yoson was born on 1920-05-15 and his spouse is Telion Trame. He held the position of Monarch of the Lost Isles and his father was Netom Ecil. Erjano Metcan is his sibling.
Ranett Mosv was born in Spetern and is a Junocello. He is a native speaker of Morsija and is married to Roka Maram, who is employed by Silver.
Quintin Yoson, who was married to Exar Sesar, was born on 10/07/1910, weighs 64.0 kilograms and is a participant in the Observatory Jumping sport. He also plays Turnnag.
Corad Creson was born on 18th December 1986 in Vorgor. He is a chillslam artist and his writing language is Uriyen.
Sessas Neilo was born in Selavug on 30 August 1954. He graduated from Southbern Collaborative University with a Degronidarian degree and worked as an energy weaver.
Elzer Padon was a Karxini Ebrexus and an Embee Trefan. He had 15 children, including Moirux Heylin. He died in Gygosyion.
Phillida Tesey died on 1931-03-02. She was the daughter of Exar Sesar, who was married to Raeon Parvas. Exar Sesar's father was Sliman Sing and his sibling was Ranor Ondale.
Cantan Joron was born in Primordians and died in Cascadon. He was married to Jara Lumon and was a Veinaggregater. Lerois Lonol is his son.
Amon Ducam was born on 14 February 1779 in Korfolmeimerstadt. He has 2 children, plays the Thmonas and has the medical condition of Suprahexa.
Daron Bidor is a student of Gevril Eino, who is an Idegal. He is also a student of Anix Tisge, who is a student of Quintin Yoson. Quintin Yoson has works in the collection of Silver.
Moirux Heylin was born in Loreinites and his father is Onenza Zat. Onenza Zat was the voice of the Wetlands and his time period was the Akadaimic Reign. He died in Avruna.
Egor Jipen was a Droppop musician who died in Jorhaen. He was the son of Kevalon Nemes and was buried at the Elystan Cathedral. He was a cinemavator.
Dakron Sater was born on 22nd June 1939. He is a member of the Bundonton occupation, and his native language is Harshbi. He is a follower of the religion Naturevinity and held the position of Mayor Rielle DeJonge.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Elbaro and his father is Chryse Folee. He is a Grand Justicar and his religion is Eternelysia. He was nominated for the Ray.
Exar Sesar was born in Venalla and his native language is Ourobuk. He has the pseudonym Klabitz and is a member of the Wolf rythmz band.
Jeccig Viidon was born in Delenker and is a caravanner. He is married to Liath Torec and his native language is Tohmema. He is also known as Morstohe.
Elignoth Schade was born on 21 April 1790 and died from Xiphantocephalia. He was a student of Mallen Reyvas and had a son called Geboren Chasim. He was buried in Tombyard Hills.
Sessas Neilo was born in Elbaro and his occupation is a Fuel Emissary. He was a participant in the Sumyryn Summit and his notable work is the Talman Chronicles. He is employed by the La Rocolette Institute.
Rechart Skyel was born in Tessaunt and died in Mononpart. He was married to Orman Saat and worked as an Imperial Sovereign in Ismora.
Kleio Awine was born in Luroche Academy and his place of work is Olivar. He is a Seamshaper and his Pseudonym is Frupopp. He is a participant in the Amallara Celestial Festival.
Nonos Quier was born on 25 October 1881 and was married to Oshedon Zaqar. He held the position of High Prophet of the Burning Sun and had a child called Phillida Tesey and a sibling called Liath Torec.
Aderon Feenon was born in Erbalin and lives in Quirmous. He is a Kennetoe and held the position of Warden of Ways. He has a child named Orman Saat.
Roka Maram was a Conduit Dancer who died on 1940-10-09. He was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard. He had a sister called Onenza Zat and his father was Shanteer Trilan.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Sym and his parents are Quintin Yoson and Comad Wimble. Coicus Wilon is Comad Wimble's child.
Orgo Lorin was born in Klerahena and died in Glofforton. He was a Major General of Defense and his parents were Celt Saffron and Leonan Kwarr.
Wanaonta Ismon, who is married to Exar Sesar, has a child called Winin Max. Winin Max was born in Glofforton and his place of work is the Reckonable Court. Wanaonta Ismon's father is Holo Norvah.
Ayre Zhirina, who died from the occurrence of manners, was married to Koxin Daou. He had a child named Lerois Lonol and a sibling named Aderon Feenon. His mother was Tuxin Fohean.
Geboren Chasim was born in Flarbor and is married to Geboren Chasim. He is an Asherl and his native language is Nelmorith. He has written the book Spectoo.
Candiba Sadol is the father of Moirux Heylin, wife of Nonos Quier. Born in Sanzoana, Nonos Quier was a magistrate of Might and died in Glofforton.
SeSimon Ymve was born on the 14th of August 1976 and died on the 27th of February 1989 in Larrella. He was a Planestroker and had a child called Yocuim Ticor.
Telion Trame was born on 1969-01-01. He is a spaceport technician and his native language is Shifarch. He has 2 children and his spouse is Lohant Taelyn.
Yocuim Ticor was born in Jacolvah and has 2 children. He is an Ethercrafter and his native language is Labrunish.
1920-05-15 is the date of death for Nonos Quier, who was born in Sciatrum. He was a Draconius Estervan and held the position of Deput Armandar. He had a child named Fessenan Dan. The cause of his death was autorecapiscular.
Orman Saat, who died on 25 March 1987 in Oscasala, was a Wigglytoss player and a member of the Gallgal. He was a Cheyenne Vespah and his father was Corad Creson.
Onenza Zat was a writer who died in 1949. He was a Sadir speaker and his most notable work was Pondus Divinum. He had a sibling named Karile Finik who died in Grennoss.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Santonnisio and died of Glitose. He was a student of Egor Jipen and his occupation was Nils Anderssen. He wrote in Fomese and his native language was Gesellan.
Ethar Gilme, who died on 29 October 2012, was a musician and writer. He was known as Frupopp and his musical instrument was the booginon. He wrote in Harshbi and his occupation was that of Resonarote.
Aderon Feenon is a Cryptomnemonologist who worked during the Akadaimic Reign. He was a student of Vackeron Bline and his own students included Novou Krosle and Salvitu Velau. The latter was a Core Cartographer.
Anix Tisge was born in Noxit and died in Noxit. He was married to Amunda Lune and had two children, Wanaonta Ismon and Nesett Nialan.
Narina Orga is a Quintraldo who works in Octavetopomology. He is married to Marcil Varcin and has a child called Karile Finik. His writing language is Xanthan and his mother is Ranett Mosv.
Amon Ducam was a Draconius Estervan who worked for the Ultramar Pentagon. He was married to Torin Yosh and had 5 children. He died in Arochol on 0948-09-01.
Phillida Tesey was a native Ablasa speaker and was married to Voqril Ervel. She was a member of the Oatheeism religion and held the position of Emile Rousseau. She died in Cascadon.
Winin Max was born on 1 May 2021 and is married to Aderon Feenon. He served as a Platoon Commander in the military and was President Sotiria. His occupation is Vapormage and his mother is Krant Nemol.
Assova Amevis's father was Zoogren Stav, who died on 1654-01-09. Zoogren Stav's mother was Lohant Taelyn and his sister was Arrya Nihte. Zoogren Stav held the position of Nairael and his child was Wolf Runan.
Amunda Lune was born on 19 May 1326 and died in a Qlinthon. He was the Grand Justice of the Southrealm and was married to Brevin Jakule. He had a sibling called Raeon Parvas.
Wolf Runan was a member of the Gerum religion and was a Dr. Afshane Sassani. He was a writer in the Illiongah language and died in Apresyl. He had the title of Estrelle de Nobri.
Raeon Parvas is a neuromantic who held the position of High Archevêque. He is married to Brineon Darka and has a sibling named Chroto Xajean. Chroto Xajean was employed by Tormityard University and died in Tifurney.
Ranor Ondale was born on 27 February 1989 and his religion is Bluesaunaism. He is a Roboticist and his father is Kins Mixin Orsh. He held the position of Magi Saint and his sister is Saham Fliind.
Shanteer Trilan was born on 26 May 1955 and died on 14 July 1955 in Klaiston. He was married to Aidah Lerel. He was a member of the Joquesto profession and held the position of Chancellor of Stronica.
Raeon Parvas was born on 25 October 1881 and died on 20 January 1985. He was married to Exar Sesar. He was a Vizier of Vision and held the position of Grand Protocolar. He was a member of the military and his rank was Dilen Woolfe.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Tifurney and is married to Candiba Sadol. He has 4 children and his sister is Nash Zuenir. He is a Prazinon and his religion is Newardship.
Dana Grago was a dismesmeister and a doctor who died on July 28, 1985. He was a student of Toveg Mayf and had a Prose degree. He was a Sacredonist.
Racso Delain was born in Kuzadori and died in Blayton Manor. He was married to Nonos Quier and held the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin. His mother was Halexaina Reian.
Exar Sesar is a member of the House of Elowe and his family includes Norka Elore and Corad Creson. He is also the son of Farmer Mesten and his wife, Frox Haria. Phillida Tesey is the wife of Exar Sesar.
Blither Xesto was born on 19 April 2016 in Phond. He was an automaton trader and worked in Gubertius. He died in Rataze and his notable work was The Secret Crucible.
Novou Krosle was born on 10 February 1836 and died on 13 December 1967. He was a Jungly Pahnee and his notable work was Turned Front. He had a son called Dakron Sater and ended his career in 1985.
Racso Delain was born in Ollentin on 1938-12-13. He is a Calabre Jadon and weighs 57.0 kilograms. He has participated in Balzjet and plays Bubblechase.
Yocuim Ticor was born on 15th May 1953. He is a student of Fironia Towx and his occupation is Embee Trefan. He is a Slinkjump sportsman and his writing language is Labrunish. He has a child called Henes Kimel.
Celt Saffron is a Baron Evergray and his title is Shimmer Mechanic. He is a Mesopotrophic worker and his language is Akoloni. He is influenced by Daron Bidor and is depicted by Ocean of Joy.
Vico Iolle was born on March 6th, 1962. He is a Mythrodons and has a child called Ayre Zhirina. He is also the sibling of Jorja Zerne and has a mother called Mallen Reyvas.
Dana Grago was born on 11-12-1911 and is a native speaker of Uriyen. He was an Alvry and his father was Emrica Note. Ayre Zhirina, a flighnap athlete, is his sister.
Henes Kimel was born in Ridhorio on 10/07/1910. He is a Barrage Amnesty Protocol worker and a Conduit Dancer. He is a Prakkeren and his employer is Mykonin Manufacturing.
Baba Anate was born in 1265 and died in Gersven. He was a midwoodsman and studied under Doness Veron. He is the husband of Frox Haria and was buried in the Kjevan's Wailing Slab.
Ryteon Vem was a doctor who died on 1985-01-20 in Uxbridge Square. He was an Uriyen and his ethnic group was Ath. He had a student named Kleio Awine.
Zozo Isandria was a vocalpur who worked for Baxton's Bistro. He was married to Hadan Takeon and died from The Funky Ride Fall. He was from Illiongah and his occupation was Asherl.
Turbostrate is the employer of Netom Ecil, who was born in Khenway and died in Orrochil. He was a Zarahemla My and was killed by Byzantium willfulae. The Daily Drifter is the depiction of Netom Ecil.
Balamor Donae is a Shade Watersmith who studied at the Volapte Art. He has a child called Ayre Zhirina. He is a student of Kins Mixin Orsh, who was born in Grov and died in the same place.
Ryteon Vem was born in Forsanten and lives in Wystomal. He is an Ethercrafter and held the position of Rulership Adviser. His child is Jakethoan Narcis, who was born on 1916-12-25.
Daron Bidor was born on 26 June 1992 in Sweethollow. He is a Dahonielle Bakker and his religion is Exotia. He has a mass of 50.0 kilograms and is a member of the Macaulians.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Thurmond's Bank and died in Orinara. He was an energy weaver and his native language was Ourobuk. He was a performer of the musical genre Symgstry and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum.
Zireen William, who died on 1967-05-11, was a student of Roka Maram and an employee of Noradi University. He was a geotropismatics and his father was Atok Gesse. Zozo Isandria was his sister.
Toveg Mayf was born in Crombix and died in Remembrance Hill. He was a Junocello and held the position of Vizier of Vision. His father was Liath Torec and his child was Novou Krosle.
Zoogren Stav was born in Elbaro and died in Blisarov-Malecoron. He was a member of the energy weaver occupation and was married to Jeccig Viidon. He had a child named Emrica Note.
Greyno Ash was born in Oasis Plains on March 10th, 1933. He is a Galvanicetcher and plays the spectromerang. He is a native speaker of Arzundar and his genre is overhype.
Fenen Donco was born in Vectisia and his mother is Wanaonta Ismon. His father is Parem Ripin and his wife is Jakethoan Narcis. Fenen Donco held the position of Grand Maven.
Tula Nidello was born in Iraation on 11 February 1926. He was a participant in the Wintert and a Slinkjump sportsman. He was the Captain of the Soraya Kiefer. He weighed 85.0 kilograms.
Ryteon Vem was born on 1949-12-01. He is a canvascarver and plays the dronphores. He is a member of the Wolf rythmz band and has a sibling named Sliman Sing. He performs Inventrythm music.
Enna Ceana was born on 25th December 1916 and died on 6th September 1967. He was an orthomancer who worked for the Rssdi College of Science in Bergundon. He was nominated for the Magna Purus.
Toveg Mayf was born in Zayaco and died in Gilhatab. He was a participant in the Olafashonka General Election and was affiliated with The Dithalli Alliance. He worked as a personal aide and was employed by the Cariston College of Arts and Sciences.
Sessas Neilo was a plumgazer who was married to Leonan Kwarr. Leonan Kwarr had a child named Dana Grago and died on July 25, 1924. Sessas Neilo died in Flor and was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery.
Novou Krosle was a Grand Justicar who worked for the Valmont Academy. He was born in Shoola and died in Gwicto. He had one child.
Jara Lumon was born on 1967-12-13 and died of Sapphire Decay in Visaty. He was a member of the Amanica religion and held the position of Imperial Marshal. He was a participant in the Olafashonka General Election.
Henes Kimel was born in Ratteau and died in Avaris Vault. He was an Illumightor and was married to Marcil Varcin. Marcil Varcin was born in 1621 and died in Ratteau. He held the position of Salle Marchand.
Royne Balre was born in Chit and died on 1700-11-30. He was a member of the Forsetor military and held the position of Treasurer of Byamontry. He was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and his religion was Naturevinity. His wife was Emrica Note.
Amon Ducam was born in Jovehill and died on 1967-12-13 in Kecotes. He was a Vibravoice and played the Supralupacites. He was married to Koxin Daou. He ended his career in 2006.
Xerain Louve was born in Musrified and died in Vodolon. He was a member of the Popular Humanitarian Movement and his religion was Gerum. He was a Preceptor Inventor and his academic degree was Biquadricakist. He was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum.
Ryteon Vem has several children, including Shanteer Trilan, Gateyon Rious, Cantan Joron, Malonor Vosse and Eustathios Stathen. He also has a mother, Ranett Mosv and a father, Parem Ripin.
1951-07-23 born Moollim Leesom was born in Vissamie. He is a participant in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble. He is a wastler and his religion is Oryinan. He has a mass of 72.0 kilograms and his occupation is Hefeah Kravin.
Chroto Xajean, who has the sport of Turnnag, is a member of the Aqu. He is a Regal Sir Grady Forrester and has the medical condition of Tur. He has a father called Orman Saat and a sibling called Malonor Vosse. He has the religion of The Divine Plumbline.
Novou Krosle was born in Adrhalon and died on 1992-06-26. He was a Relathar and a Aulopthermologist. He was the father of Krant Nemol and his works are in the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Saham Fliind was a Koral who worked in Taum. He was married to Dauton Lasse and had an unmarried partner called Enna Ceana. He owned Tetrowwearch and died on 1974-04-09.
Halexaina Reian was born in Jorhaen and died in Valathron Pinnacle Chapel. He was a Fuel Emissary and worked for the Cosai Institute. He was married to Assova Amevis and had a child named Brineon Darka. Halexaina Reian was a native speaker of Zalevith.
1943-09-29 born Jeccig Viidon was a Sunwardine and a Pyromancer. He died on 1967-12-13 from Abjidurian. He was the author of Fight for the Light.
Mallen Reyvas was born on 30 October 1906 and died in a place and at a time that is not known. He was married to Roeran Nadays and his father was Hadan Takeon. He held the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin and his mother was Balamor Donae.
Quintin Yoson was a member of the Veronish Church and died on 1953-05-15. He was a Dolceanna player and was born in Shifarch. He had a son named Jeccig Viidon and a mother named Shanteer Trilan. He was buried in Hycilo.
Feal Woddon was born in Brightside Valley and his place of birth was in the city of Brightside. He was an Ethercrafter and his military rank was Officer Centurion. He was married to Norka Elore and his father was Socal Amell. He had a child named Filounton Bonen and his sibling was Eustathios Stathen.
Oshedon Zaqar is a Meanguy and a student of Brineon Darka. Brineon Darka is a Balletec musician and his employer is the Moondust Maestros. He is a student of Farmer Mesten. Brineon Darka died in Freistadt.
Brevin Jakule was born on 1897-02-04 in Kenspott. He was a roboticist and worked in Icthialurgy. He was influenced by Amunda Lune, who died in Cascadon. Amunda Lune was the author of Digimin.
Dakron Sater was born on 1920-05-15 in Acreholm. He was a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and his field of work was Calligranechonics. He was influenced by Arabon Sanle, who died in Brightside Valley. Arabon Sanle was a notable worker in Pantauderology.
Phillida Tesey was a member of the Sunwardine religion and was an officer centurion. He was married to Voqril Ervel and had a mother named Arabon Sanle. He was sentenced to textaught and died on 1825-09-16. His archives are located at Fardenockap Security Records.
Kevalon Nemes is a member of the ethnic group M and was born in Neopoliten. He was a Kalina Embree and worked in Iraation. He had a mother called Aidah Lerel and a godparent called Shanteer Trilan. He died from Skylark Strife.
Greyno Ash was born in 1566 and died in 1632 in Grov. He was a Foquafling and his notable work was Feast of Colours. He has works in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Phillida Tesey was born in Ferneby and died in Flampose. She was a member of the ethnic group of Ath and worked as a Shimmer Mechanic. She wrote in the Ourobuk language and her works are in the collections of Memoctoria. Her archives are located at the Meresque Library.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Kitmarker and died in the Kiht Skytomb. He was a Lettison Rat and worked in the field of nutriconatography. He had a father named Corad Creson and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Eustathios Stathen's archives are at the Arcika Repository.
Brineon Darka, aka Klabitz, was a caravanner who died in Coaligry. He was a member of the Perit religion and had Raeon Parvas for a father and Dovay Ezzio for a mother.
Tuxin Fohean is a member of the Draconius Estervan occupation and has worked as the Divine Regent of the Dark Seas. He is a participant in the Mitsplore Conference and has Cripseles as a medical condition. He has Seduvo as his blood type and his native language is Zalevith. His father is Ranyar Phael.
Remol Certran, who died on 1962-03-06, was a resident of Tyndoria. He was a member of the Highetto Research Institute and held the position of Sanelaya Reptich. He was different from Amunda Lune and had a child called Jeccig Viidon.
Moirux Heylin was born in Virsean and died on 1842-12-03. He was a bassoon tomato farmer and a meanguy. His notable work is Yazzolaize. His father was Frox Haria.
Corad Creson, who died of autorecapiscular, was a kyrlor shotheede who worked for the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He was the father of Shanteer Trilan and was different from Atok Gesse. He was the architect of the Tarietheitech Cathedral.
KinsMixin Orsh is a Kiplor Lash who lives in Goldwater Rise. He has 4 children, Daron Bidor and Ruiqnian R. His father is Atok Gesse. He is the author of the book Symphony of Dreams.
Liairna Anatle was born on 2 March 1974 and was a Glidecaster. He was employed at the Echoborn Conservatory and held the position of Supreme Adjudicator. He was a performer of the musical genre Spinequiver Concertato and was buried in Orrochil.
Moollim Leesom, who has the pseudonym Frupopp, is a clarin shomrat and has the native language of Wofferauch. He is the son of Onenza Zat and has a sister called Zireen William. He has performed the musical work Dire Straits.
Wanaonta Ismon was born in Kyrkodansst and died in Celestial Cross Mount. He was an Occonomyist and fought in the Battle for Blood. He was nominated for the Orici Award and is different from Sliman Sing.
Ethar Gilme is a batcher of the Interval Eclipse. He is a farmer and his son is Dauton Lasse. He has worked for the collection of Numadio Modern Arts and has been nominated for the Zarxcelepal Award. He is married to Majeron Vlare and his father is Farmer Mesten.
Karceon Medical School is the employer of Kevalon Nemes, who was born in Vokali in 1989. Kevalon Nemes was a Sacred Inquisitor and worked in Bergundon. Kevalon Nemes died in Asperanis. Kevalon Nemes's sibling is Vico Iolle.
Assova Amevis was born to Fretheon Rykne and died of Str. He was a Rigelian Pathomorphist and an Ethercrafter. He was a member of the Atra-Deformalism movement and his most notable work is God's Promised Land. He has works in the New Light Pavilion.
Nolin Haran was a Bengalono writer who died of Frageeno. He was married to Amunda Lune and had a son called Ryteon Vem. He was the Imperial Marshal and his occupation was Blane Spryce. He was buried at the Oltin Hospital.
Roka Maram was born in Lipfordee and his native language is Shoola. He is a picturesmith and his spouse is Majeron Vlare. He has a child called Koxin Daou and his mother is Sliman Sing. One of his notable works is Gates of the Neverland.
Aloro Zon was born in Grevisa and his native language is Danaen. He is a reality builder and his notable work is Storm of the King of the Jungle. He is a member of The Arcadius and his father is Gateyon Rious. He has a child named Elignoth Schade.
Salvitu Velau, who died on 26 May 1955, was a Vibravoice and was known as Syndrye. He was a member of the Blisarov-Malecoron family and was buried in the Everfeather Graveyard. He had a sibling called Netom Ecil.
Zoogren Stav was born on 10/09/1940 and has 2 children. He is a Pyromancer and was influenced by Narina Orga. He is a Toborian and ended his career on 318.
Phillida Tesey is a rollapop musician who plays the amarchitar. She is a member of the Sonicluster and is influenced by Majeron Vlare. She is a drycter and is unmarried to Nesett Nialan. Her native language is Uriyen.
Assova Amevis was a Plasmacaster who died in the Labyrinth Arches. He was the father of Narina Orga and had 11 children. He was aureole of eminence nominee and his siblings were Orgo Lorin and Sphyrius.
Elignoth Schade is a Jabdil speaking writer who was influenced by Ayre Zhirina. He is a member of the religion of Downeyedenism and held the position of Royal Strategist. He was a Glaze Welder and his notable work is Tint Lavaturae. He is married to Orman Saat.
Yiprun Iriles, who died in Sciatrum, was a Noxian who was influenced by Ranyar Phael. He was known as Klabitz and had works in the New Light Pavilion. His father was Frox Haria and his sister was Dakron Sater.
Caro Nemeo was born on 4th September 1825 and has the pseudonym Syndrye. He was a member of the Velmira & Guril and his occupation was a sonicluster. He has works in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and was buried in Yerrison Park.
Kevalon Nemes was born in Reymary and died in Silver. He was a Shimmer Mechanic and a notable work of his was Parzorax. He was a Liricen and his mother was Lerois Lonol. He was a member of the Crigwood movement.
Comad Wimble was a caravanner who wrote in Magosia. He was a participant in the Sanctuary Bend and held the position of Bishop Lucas Lambus. He died of exilienous. He worked in Pytalmore and was present in the Jiffledorble.
Baba Anate is a Newardship and his native language is Ruchik. He has a child called Daron Bidor and his spouse is Comad Wimble. He has an unmarried partner called Halexaina Reian and his sister is Lesollax Neais. Baba Anate has works in the Avaris Vault.
Holo Norvah is a Zalvix and a student of Frox Haria. He is a Horizon Stitcher and has worked at the New Light Pavilion and the Kaleidospectrum. He is a participant in the Bright Artifice Gallery.
Hadan Takeon was born on 10 February 1982 and is a member of the ethnic group of Crimbles. He is an Imaginiquer and his occupation is The Maceburgh Monitor. He has a notable work called The Seer's Vision and his movement is P. He has works in the New Light Pavilion.
11-04-1981 born Jeccig Viidon was born in Foriquinte. He is a Huperrealia artist who has worked for ChimeCorp Services. He has been influenced by Ouashti Osarum and has participated in Zytha's Chronicle. He has works in the New Light Pavilion.
Raeon Parvas held the position of Grand Justice of the Southrealm.
Jorja Zerne is a curator of souls and a Lettison Rat.
Zireen William was born on 1892-01-03 and died on 2013-07-21.
Avaneon Veinn is a Cruxsmith and a Zin Raikar.
Soner Onnawe was born in Khvorost and died in Rataze.
Born in Baignotte, Payda Ploce died in Jesirren.
Gateon Rious is a Lunine Makonite and his occupation is Cartophag.
Dana Grago was born in Ganac and makes a living as a weavemeister.
Jeccig Viidon was an Imaginiquer who died in Santonnisio.
Leonan Kwarr is a caravanner and a neuromantic.
Dauton Lasse is a Scriboscope Operator and a Graffonson Gelfelho.
Gateon Rious was born in Myethena and has the medical condition of Veldarenit.
Kleio Awine was born in Sevara and has the medical condition of Trifastellia.
Dauton Lasse is a character in Ellandria and Walanik.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Klaiston and died in Selmentia.
Chroto Xajean was born in Mairizil and has the occupation of Natuera Kaelyne.
Koxin Daou was born in Glofforton and held the position of the Sacred Inquisitor.
Daron Bidor's father is Chayneal Ersh, who has Yiprun Iriles for a father.
Shanteer Trilan was born in Pytalmore and held the position of Reckonable Courtier.
Remol Certran was born on the 18th of March 1964 and his occupation is a Spin Circuit Probeologist.
Little Karm is a Vapormage who has written The Treasures of the Lost Cemetery.
Liath Torec is a Dhavoni Te and an Elbourd.
Onenza Zat was born in 2003 and is a Boundary Agent.
Shantear Trilan has a father called Jakethoan Narcis who has Winin Max for a mother.
Egor Jipen was born in Elbaro and his employer is Tormityard University.
Zireen William was born in Raemire and is an energy weaver.
Ranor Ondale was a Lunine Makonite who died in Lindilant.
Quintin Yoson was born in Oklox and weighs 73.0 kilograms.
Montanul Shorn is a Shade Watersmith and his movement is Obsolecism.
Dana Grago, who weighs 80.0 kilograms, has the Jumbletag sport.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Visaty and is a Xallon.
Onenza Zat is a Grungipsy musician and his occupation is Yzerous.
Dana Grago was born in Nresson and plays for the Sport Wastl.
Emryna Nwinki was born in Cederville and was a nominee for the Last Baunt Award.
Tula Nidello is the father of Salvitu Velau, who has the Mahanism religion.
Krant Nemol was born on an unknown date and is a Bluesaunist.
Isca Anxin was born on 21 January 1950 and plays for the Isca Anxin Sport Turnnag.
Chryse Folee, who died in 1689, wrote in the Teliris language.
Zannes Sorem was born on 1928-06-14 and was nominated for the Quibbel Prize.
Ouashti Osarum, who died in Grov, was an Imaginiquer.
Caro Nemeo was born on the 4th of March 1936 and his sport is Turnnag.
Anzil Davryn was born in Hycilo and died in Suhlalanden.
Telion Trame was born in Acreholm and is a mjblazee.
Ethar Gilme was born in Grennoss and weighs 74.0 kilograms.
Liath Torec is a member of the Colek Duborn occupation and was a participant in the 2005-06 Atlas Glory Challenge.
Lerois Lonol is a participant in the Ignatus Cup and is a sport in Bubblechase.
Henes Kimel is a Bubblechase player and his occupation is Marson Atill.
Exar Sesar was born on 21 January 1950 and is a Horizon Stitcher.
Roka Maram was born and died on an unknown date.
Onenza Zat, who plays for the Erobran Atheletics team, is a member of the Sport Quorach.
Aderon Feenon was a spaceport technician who died an unknown date. He was a Sunwardine.
Quintin Yoson was born on the 14th of January 1982. He is a colek duborn and plays sport Clomper.
Amon Ducam was born in Vasotol and died in 1968. He was a flurovorentologist.
Wolf Runan was born in Wlilspring and died in the Armory of Fallen Heroes. He was an Admiral Yeo.
Phillida Tesey was born on 10 November 1888 and has one child. She is a Groovologist.
Makin Grinyon was born in Mirrarren and weighs 57.0 kilograms. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Sliman Sing was born in Muraband and has a mass of 50.0 kilograms. He ended his work period at 22:00.
Mallen Reyvas was born on 1926-02-02 and is a Raventender who writes Zendasian.
Enna Ceana was born on 1869-08-13 and is a mjblazee who was a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Aderon Feenon was born in Glendorfield on May 22, 1924. He was a Lunine Makonite.
Lesollax Neais was born on 22nd August 1980, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and is a participant in Erobran Athletics.
Zoogren Stav was born in Noxit and his occupation is an energy weaver. He also works in the field of Chronusology.
Aloro Zon was born in Grov and is a student of Assova Amevis, who is a professor and the occupational of Assova Amevis is Profesor Andrianus Tero.
Zozo Isandria was born on the 25th of March 2015. He is a glaze welder and his field of work is Mutatorsymbiosis.
Feal Woddon was born on 29 October 1981 and his occupation is NaHo Braezin. He plays the sport of flighnap.
Jara Lumon was born on 2 March 1968 in Delenker and is a participant in the Ignatus Cup.
Exar Sesar was born in Darskon and plays Twidgerat. He is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Doness Veron was born in Sertonnor and weighs 79.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Chroto Xajean was born in Venalla and is a native speaker of Phalndyce. He also writes in Phalndyce.
Netom Ecil, who held the position of Personal Aide, was a participant in the 2029-30 Varia Slam and his occupation is NaHo Braezin.
Moirux Heylin was born in Sanzoana and died in the Temple of Caerna. He was a Core Cartographer.
Amunda Lune was born in Tharinta and died in Retmodern. He was a Blazingbeast.
Oshedon Zaqar was born on 09/08/1968 and is a Fuel Emissary who held the position of Lorvan Navasi.
Atok Gesse was born on 10 February 1982 and is a member of the religion of Spatillism. He is employed by Impletyne University.
Karile Finik was born in Fergieau and is a participant in the 2024-25 Century Games. He is a Colek Duborn.
Geboren Chasim was born on 8 February 1921 and died in Brimbleby Dashway. He was a databinding engineer.
Moirux Heylin was born in Grismore and is a roboticist who made Sophisticated Steel.
Avaneon Veinn was a Commander of Exile and an Automaton Trader who died in Klaiston.
Novou Krosle was born in Chit and died in Gravenstein. He was a Whiteesperance.
Corad Creson was born on the 14th of January 1986, has the eye colour Auguryblue and has Glumaric Inflamation.
Lerois Lonol was born in Glendorfield and is a weavemeister employed by Fancienance University.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Arcyros and his sport is Jumbletag. He is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Dana Grago was born in Xerses and died on 1817-02-02 in Keluthon.
Gateyon Rious, who died on 1974-11-09, played for the Sport Gladiators of Grit and ended his career in 1983.
Royne Balre was born on 6th June 1896 and is a participant in the Austrium 2000 event. He also plays Jumbletag.
Eustathios Stathen is a native of Phalndyce and his occupation is Divinius. One of his notable works is Aeronauts.
Netom Ecil was born on 1918-07-14. He is an Iganus Soori and a participant in Yo.
Euler Toven was a student of Lesollax Neais, who in turn was a student of Liairna Anatle, a Professor Andrianus Tero.
Dantor Pauran was born on 1868-12-09 in Flarbor and is a participant in Aqu.
Farmer Mesten was born in Ivanpore and is a Givanna Gahvy. He is a participant in Erobran Atheletics.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Krugra and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He plays flopling.
Torin Yosh is a celestial oracle of Lune who is employed by Strati National University and uses the Kukor language.
Racso Delain, a Scionerge, died on 1920-01-20 in Taum.
Ethar Gilme was born on 23rd June 1972 and died on 25th March 1988. He was an Orare Subdeacon.
Roeran Nadays is a master biologist who works for the Tri-Core Institute of Research. He is a specialist in the field of Mutatorsymbiosis.
Gule Yarcon is a member of the Erobran Athletics team and his occupation is a Cheyilla Iager. He also uses the Sport Clomper.
Nonos Quier was born on 23 June 1972 and is a Quasipsychoanalyticogist and an energy weaver.
Gevril Eino was born in Salarinn and died in Portaene. He was a Logonima.
10 February 1982 born Lerois Lonol, who weighs 73.0 kg, was a participant in the 2038-39 Pulsar Championship.
Lerois Lonol was born in Baubeau and died of Wolerelopic Coronatiny. He was a Dusxyp.
Phascy Yavon was born in Tessaunt and is a student of Yocuim Ticor. He is a ranmatologist and is different from Kins Mixin Orsh.
Anix Tisge is the son of Anzil Davryn, who is married to Roka Maram and has Zoogren Stav for a son. Makin Grinyon is the mother of Anzil Davryn.
Montanul Shorn was born on 20 January 1920 and died on 2 February 1926. He was an Iganus Soori and died in Sciatrum.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Kyrkodansst and is an ethnic member of the Etarrians. He has a mass of 81.0 kilograms and was a participant in Trimpulse.
Born in Baignotte, Lesollax Neais has a father called Roeran Nadays and a mother called Majeron Vlare. He also has a child called Yocuim Ticor.
Oshedon Zaqar was born on 2 February 1817. He is a roboticist and held the position of Deput Armandar. He worked at the Sciatrum.
Halexaina Reian was born on 1869-08-13. She is a virtual technician who worked at the Goldwater Rise. Halexaina Reian's writing language is Ruchik.
Dauton Lasse was born on 11th April 2013 and his occupation is Kembala. He held the position of Grand Vizier and his mother is Ranyar Phael.
Nash Zuenir was born in Faemasa and his writing language is Danaen. He is employed by Noradi University and works in Yimby.
Xerain Louve was born in Oruigna and died in Juwaasa. He was a Blindon and was married to Enna Ceana.
Arabon Sanle was born on 24 November 1960 and died in 2003. He was a Fuel Emissary and held the position of Supreme Adjudicator.
Roeran Nadays was a Baron and a Horizon Stitcher who was married to Ouashti Osarum. He died on 1994-07-29.
Thoras Baras was born on 24 June 1942 in Moncrigory. He has a mass of 71.0 kgs and has participated in the Quom.
Zireen William, who died from Nevpsiputmake, was an employee of Kaesteena Sentience. He was an Axsubaric Elasticologist and his archives are at Norse.
Salvitu Velau is a native of Volura and his mass is 67.0 kilograms. He is a Blade Beestley and his relative Saham Fliind is 1.0.
Brevin Jakule was born in Grov. He is a student of Dana Grago, who was a Chromusher and died in Grov.
Vackeron Bline, who is married to Narina Orga, has 2 children and a sibling, Wanaonta Ismon. Vackeron Bline's writing language is Aglendian.
Fessenan Dan was born in Vedronas and died in Actoryon. He held the position of High Locus and his child was Chroto Xajean.
Gevril Eino was born on July 16th, 1982. He was a spaceport technician and has a child called Dakron Sater. He died in Klaiston.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Naduxburg on 11/09/1917. He was a participant in the Floourning sport and his sport is Bouncethraw.
Marcil Varcin was born on 1869-08-13 and died in Vodolon. He was a Roboticist and held the position of Royal Strategist.
Phascy Yavon, who died in Vasotol, was married to Geboren Chasim and had a son called Orman Saat and a daughter called Fretheon Rykne.
Dakron Sater was born in Sanzoana and died in the same place. He was a student of Yiprun Iriles who died on 1875-08-04.
Glenda Ollistar is the occupation of Corad Creson, who is a member of the Liquid Aqualete. Corad Creson's religion or worldview is Iushalas and his sport is Blabbrish.
Jaro Tynos has a child called Nipher Ylize, who is married to Jeccig Viidon. Nipher Ylize is the wife of Jeccig Viidon. Payda Ploce, whose mother is Jeccig Viidon, died on 2532-11-26.
Jorja Zerne was born on 21 November 1935 and died in Amestalin. He was buried in the Daylight Valley Cemetery and held the position of Deputy Armandar.
Jeccig Viidon, who died on 2532-11-26, was a member of the Praelor Dynasty and had the position of Monarch of the Lost Isles. His father was Brineon Darka.
Roeran Nadays, who was a Baron, was married to Quintin Yoson and had a child called Torin Yosh. Sliman Sing was his sibling.
Moollim Leesom, who held the position of Monarch of the Lost Islands, has a father called Wolf Runan. Vico Iolle is his son and his sister is Comad Wimble.
Anzil Davryn was born in Windsbury on 2nd September 1778. He was a Stellar Scribe and wrote The Troubleshooters.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Windsbury and has a father called Fessenan Dan. He is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and his notable work is Wendala.
Ohleen Ranon was born on 1240-05-02 in Flarbor. He is a Shade Watersmith and his notable work is The Eternal Burden.
Kins Mixin Orsh was born in 1537 and is an Ethercrafter. He has a child called Orman Saat and held the position of Lord Frethor.
Amunda Lune was born in Stremaver and died on 1917-09-11. He was a Plasmacaster and died from Effulgence.
Narina Orga was born in Hycilo and died of Ladernadoin. He was a Fuel Emissary and played Narina Orga Sport Bouncethraw.
Baba Anate, who has 2 children, is a Monakonist and a participant in the Olafashonka General Election. He held the position of Haibon Vandel.
Norka Elore was born on 24 February 119 and is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. He has a child called Majeron Vlare and a sibling called Xander Foyal.
Amunda Lune was born on 1706-12-17 and died on 1899-07-23. He was a pyromancer and his native language was Volura.
Brineon Darka, who weighs 91.0 kilograms, is a Karnice Vos and played in the sport Twidgerat. He also took part in the Wintert.
Fessenan Dan was born on 2242-09-22 and died on 1878-02-08. He was a member of the Praelor Dynasty and his mother was Netom Ecil.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Huifa District and died from Devastease. He was a labyrinthologist and his archives are at the Boaznia Library.
Baba Anate was born in Pleastone and is a Cheyilla Iager. He is a participant in the Ladder T and plays Fjolaball.
Lerois Lonol, who has a mass of 82.0 kilograms, was a Cheyilla Iager and played Wastl. He ended his career in 2017.
Rechart Skyel was born in Grenwick and is married to Little Karm. He is a Clomper and participated in the Doododmil Olympiad.
Ranor Ondale was born in Neerimvarn and died in Siepkenheim. He was a Modulator and died of Glutanemosis.
Daron Bidor was born on 4 June 2001 and is a member of the Oatheeist religion. He has the medical condition of lexidrosis and is the unmarried partner of Fenen Donco.
Malonor Vosse was born in Hapeln and his father was Exar Sesar. Exar Sesar held the position of Fulv and died in Ravonan.
Salvitu Velau's parents are Roeran Nadays and Avaneon Veinn. Avaneon Veinn died of Sulphoreoxy on 19 January 1654.
Feal Woddon was born in Vorogon and his father is Coltion Gowvan. Coltion Gowvan is a Zendon Cormack and his sibling is Filounton Bonen.
Daron Bidor is a member of the Zha family and has a father called Aidah Lerel. Aidah Lerel is a Mythrodons and has a sibling called Thoras Baras.
Jorja Zerne was born on 20 February 2021 and died in Klaiston. He was a Minister Lynton K and died from Nevpsiputmake.
Xander Foyal was born on March 2, 1989. He is a Bmpeg player and an automaton trader. He plays the instrument Tuniglef and held the position of Astral Soothsayer.
Feal Woddon was born in 1330 and his occupation is a Cryptolithographer. He is married to Xander Foyal and has a mother called Roka Maram. He is also the author of The Prayer of the Wild Cat.
Hadan Takeon was born in Vissamie and died an unknown date. He was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and worked at The Maelstrom of the Sunken City. His father was Asthona Meyas.
Filounton Bonen was born in Sanzoana and died in Sanzoana. He was a carpentry consultant and his wife was Hadan Takeon. He wrote in Magosia.
Euler Toven was born in Amestalin and his child is Celt Saffron. He is a master biologist and his employer is Tormityard University. He is interested in Varan.
Celt Saffron was a Duchaince of media who held the position of Host of Harbingers. He had 3 children, the youngest of which was Chroto Xajean. He died on 1654-01-09.
Halexaina Reian is a spaceport technician who plays Galjowlball. He is married to Holo Norvah and weighs 60.0 kilograms. Halexaina Reian's native language is Danaen.
Dakron Sater was born in Baubeau and his occupation is Stanislava Rozoux. He is a timebound escape from the valley of Mist and his nickname is Morvingon. He is married to Mallen Reyvas.
Parem Ripin is a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty and has a child called Nesett Nialan. Nesett Nialan has a mother called Nolin Haran and a father called Jaro Tynos.
Lesollax Neais was a Lunine Makonite who died on 2021-02-20 in Elodia. He was a brother to Gateyon Rious, who works in Gilhatab.
Elignoth Schade was born on 1917-11-17 and died on 1986-08-21. He was a Court Analyst and worked in Cleyon. He held the position of Jaboon Uthon.
Nash Zuenir was born in Impf in 1949. He was a Biquadricakist and held the position of the Deputy Armandar. He died in a Glacial Massacre.
1. Ranor Ondale was born in Thronac and is a Zani Rashidene. He is a member of The Forlorn Wayfarers and his notable work is Die Brücke des Fremdlichs. He has a sibling called Jeccig Viidon.
Zireen William was born in Antiramin on 10th September 1972. He is an Interval Eclipse Batcher and a Clomper. One of his notable works is Mist of Deceit.
Toveg Mayf was born in Baignotte and died in Flor. He was a Core Cartographer and was buried in St. Ursula's Cathedral. His father was Exar Sesar.
Chryse Folee, also known as Syndrye, is an Eddoora who works in the field of Mind Shatter. He has been a participant in the Amallara Celestial Festival and was involved in the Battle for Blood.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Ferroz on 1920-04-15. He is a participant in Trimpulse and his occupation is Dezhen Qandsql. He is also known as Balbekh.
Parem Ripin was born in Castañenas and died on 1918-09-09 in Xemall. He was married to Liairna Anatle and held the position of Vicente Liró.
Soner Onnawe was born on 28th September 1989. He was a labyrinthologist and died from Nusqueeze and Narirrapture. He was married to Dauton Lasse.
Frox Haria was born on 22 November 1898 and died on 9 July 1914. He was a Stellar Scribe and held the position of Deput Chocoy. He died in the Zethander Incident.
Geboren Chasim is a member of the Tangjin Dynasty and his family includes Zannes Sorem and Arrya Nihte. He has a child called Nesett Nialan and a sibling called Fenen Donco.
Ryteon Vem is a Vapormage who studied at the school of Zozo Isandria. He was a member of the Elmerianism movement and died in Crombix. He was also a Horasius Lamarcom.
Zannes Sorem was a Raventender who played the Varminom. He died on 1869-08-13 from Nevpsiputmake.
Moirux Heylin was born on 11th May 1923 in Calariss. He is a Tytasian speaker and his occupation is a propsweaver.
Balamor Donae was born on 2 May 1240 and died on 8 October 1920. He was a Dreamshaper and his native language was Phalndyce. He had 2 children.
Dana Grago was born on 25 March 1988 and is married to Jaro Tynos. He is a Gorthon Hespia and plays bouncethraw. He is a participant in Sky Pogoing.
Coicus Wilon was a Dhavoni Te and a Cardospire. He was Birpia speaking and died from Nevpsiputmake. He is buried in Tombyard Hills.
Vico Iolle was born in Graneval and his mass is 80.0 kilograms. He is a Jellix and his employer is Davidfield United. He was a participant in the Quinthinin Sculpture.
Ayre Zhirina was born on March 4th, 1936 in Wayfield. She is a Pyromancer and her native language is Zendasian. The language of Dakron Sater is Zendasian.
Xerain Louve was born on 22 December 1864 and was married to Anzil Davryn. He was the Lord Paramount and had a son called Vackeron Bline and a daughter called Koson Marqo.
Zannes Sorem was a musician who died in 1984 in Kenspott. He played the Klyrpan and was a Glaze Welder. His genre was Mix Drive.
Majeron Vlare was born in Noxit and died in Noxit. He was married to Baba Anate and had a child called Elignoth Schade. His father was Elai Shorce.
Gule Yarcon was born on 1749-09-10 and his religion is Zalithos. He is a master biologist and his employer is Phaladium. He was a participant in the 2009-10 Loop Cup.
Emrica Note, who held the position of Templar Knight, was born in Klerahena. He has a mother called Oshedon Zaqar and a wife called Norvaar. Oshedon Zaqar is the mother of Feal Woddon, who was born in Klerahena.
Comad Wimble was born on 13th August 1869 and died in Tombyard Hills. He was a commander in the military and held the position of Keeper of Knowledge. His native language was Ulsita.
Vackeron Bline is a Polydiframatory who works as a Curator of Souls. He is located in Flor and his place of burial is Lingborte. His father is Candiba Sadol.
Amon Ducam is a plingolo player and a virtual technician who worked in Sunrose. He was the Royal Regent and participated in the Mystic Stars Symposium.
Nolin Haran was born on March 4th 1936. He was a student of Feal Woddon and Novou Krosle. He was a Spin Circuit Probeologist and his notable work is Radiant Heights.
Torin Yosh is a Horizon Stitcher and a Varminom player. He is a participant in the Mystic Stars Symposium and held the position of Deput Chocoy. He is located in Mooron.
Gateyon Rious was born in Fergieau and died in Ganac. He was a plumgazer and played the glibigl. He was married to Frox Haria.
Exar Sesar was a labyrinthologist who served in the military as a Colmar Strattung. He was killed by Ladernadoin and was buried in the Silverbell Graveyard. He was depicted by Bengta Bust.
Jorja Zerne's father is Holo Norvah, who was born in Vinsetria. Holo Norvah is married to Toveg Mayf and has a child called Assova Amevis. Holo Norvah's occupation is Anomaly.
Gevril Eino was a Zarahemla My and held the position of Minister Tamosio Strancio. He had a child called Socal Amell and a sibling called Zannes Sorem. He was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Fireside and died in Brightside Valley. He was a Lunine Makonite and was employed by Warren.
Xander Foyal is a Chromaticaster who performs jazzatronica music. He is a member of the Djottinites and has a child called Kory Darvan. His mother is Voqril Ervel.
Gevril Eino was born on 1930-04-03 and his religion is Newardship. He is a setwanderer and was nominated for Virtue's Platform. His mother is Brevin Jakule.
Zannes Sorem's father is Ethar Gilme, who is married to Asthona Meyas. Ethar Gilme's child is Jakethoan Narcis and his siblings are Balamor Donae. Ethar Gilme held the position of Monarch of the Lost Isles.
Blither Xesto, aka Klabitz, is a Spin Circuit Probeologist who works for Wolland Tech Institute. He is a member of the Eculimposia field of work and has his archives at Deltriah Nexus.
Wolf Runan is an elemental image manipulator and his child is Dakron Sater. He is married to Arrya Nihte and is a Manchillan writer. He was nominated for the Silver Torch of Excellence Award.
Liairna Anatle is a native of Delliva and is an Ethercrafter. He is affili with The Dithalli Alliance and his work is located in Vesemana. He has a sibling called Roka Maram and his mother is Zozo Isandria.
Jara Lumon was born on 1812-02-18. He has a sister called Dovay Ezzio and his father is Nolin Haran. His mother is Blither Xesto and his relative is Norka Elore. Jara Lumon was nominated for the Lucari Medal.
Soner Onnawe is a student of Anzil Davryn, who is a professor and Tero. He is also a student of Phillida Tesey, who was born in Delenker and has an unknown date of birth. Novou Krosle is a student of Phillida Tesey.
Koxin Daou was a Grand Justice of the Southrealm and died on 1896-06-06. He was married to Feal Woddon and had a child called Amon Ducam. He had a mother called Elai Shorce and a sister called Kleio Awine.
Kleio Awine is a participant in the Golden Crown Masters. He is a Varrahmun Trivulga and plays Gloamrun. He has a child called Mallen Reyvas and is married to Dakron Sater. He weighs 74.0 kilograms.
Royne Balre was a carpentry consultant who died in Flor. He wrote in Strango and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He died from Fagericulis and his death was Effulgent.
Nipher Ylize was a member of the Praelor Dynasty and died at 400. He was a virtual technician and was married to Malonor Vosse. His child was Telion Trame.
Vackeron Bline is a different type of Lamplandianelsonist. He died from Wolerelopic Coronatiny and was a Occonomyist. He was born in Glofforton and was buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. He had Ichoronga as a medical condition.
Xander Foyal was born on 21 August 1986 and is a member of the Tangjin Dynasty. He is married to Dovay Ezzio and has a son, Coicus Wilon. Karile Finik is his mother.
Vackeron Bline was born on 11 November 1925 in Hycilo. He has two children and his wife is Aidah Lerel. He is a Manchillan writer and his mother is Isca Anxin.
Baba Anate was born on 25th November 1902. He was a caravanner and died of Avisteniosis. He has worked for the Soarumba Modern Arts Museum and has produced the notable work of Tunnels of the Lost Empire. He has also worked in the field of Brus.
Henes Kimel was born in Santonnisio and is a native speaker of Valuyah. He is a carpentry consultant and holds the position of Esoteric Oracle. He has a child named Holo Norvah and his work is located in Glofforton.
Exar Saras is a Preceptor Inventor and a student of Nipher Ylize. He is a member of the Epidialectic movement and his father is Aloro Zon. Aloro Zon has a child named Yocuim Ticor and his time period is Lantoanry.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Astral Soothsayer and his parents are Halexaina Reian and Zireen William. Gevril Eino is the father of Zireen William and his son is Oshedon Zaqar.
Balamor Donae was born in Thronac on 26 February 1985. He was a curator of souls and a commander in the Gloriro military. He held the position of Reyat and his native language was Xyleon.
Dantor Pauran is a Jellix who works in Armoen. He is a member of the Newardship religion and has a child named Narina Orga. He has a sibling named Anzil Davryn and held the position of Magi Saint.
Xerain Louve, who has the anthem "Victory Our Nation", was a Nairael and held the position of a Nairael. He was the son of Parem Ripin and had a child called Ganasah Jilson. He ended his career on 1868-12-09.
Dauton Lasse was born on 30th March 1965. He was a Boundary Agent and held the position of Magi Saint. He was affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians and had a child called Vackeron Bline. He died in Bergundon.
Onenza Zat is a participant in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble. He is a hefeah kravin and his native language is Welvish. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and his medical condition is pulmonitrema.
Elzer Padon was a native of Aglendian and died in Asagro. He was a seeker and worked for Tormityard University and the Silver Serpent Thrones. He was also a member of the New Light Pavilion.
Anix Tisge was a caravanner who died during the Vulholmic period. He was buried in the Ohmorr Tower and died in Florianis. He was killed by Blisarov-Malecoron.
11/09/1974 born Emryna Nwinki was a student of Xerain Louve and died on 05/07/1987. She was the mother of Royne Balre and was in a relationship with Atok Gesse. She was an archive at Dribleux.
Torin Yosh is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and his occupation is Voklech Parliamentarians. He has one child and his work location is Zayaco. He held the position of Magistrate of Might and was a participant in the Olafashonka General Election.
1943-06-26 born Eustathios Stathen was a Draconius Estervan and a Whiteesperance adherent. He held the position of the Deput Armandar and had a child named Tula Nidello. He died on 1974-05-23.
Sliman Sing was born in Darganshire and his occupation is Neyre Ranalo. He is a participant in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble. He weighs 74.0 kilograms and his sport is bouncethraw. He plays the axiluro.
Orgo Lorin was born on 1812-02-18 in Tinkway. He was a virtual technician who worked in Moirvey and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum in Asperanis.
Ohleen Ranon was born on 1956-08-17 in Château L. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in Precepteum and held the position of the Treasurer of Byamontry. He was a sub in the military. He has a sibling named SeSimon Ymve.
Arabon Sanle was born on 1868-12-09 and died in a Narirrapture. He was a student of Jakethoan Narcis and his field of work was Axiomaticat. He has works in the Rigabatu Library. His father was Euler Toven.
Vackeron Bline is the son of Dracon Yialon and has a child called Ouashti Osarum. Lerois Lonol is a member of the Aronvale family and has the title of Zendon Cormack. He is the son of Fessenan Dan.
Avaneon Veinn was born in Chit and died in Juwaasa. He was a Platoon Commander in the military and held the position of the Sacred Inquisitor. He was an Ethercrafter and had a child named Dana Grago.
Amunda Lune is a commander in the military and a core cartographer. He is a member of the Federal Council of Administrative Sciences and his field of work is Oedmagraphology. Amunda Lune's native language is Xyleon and he has 3 children.
Kole Maasing is a master biologist and Ginbeat musician. He is named after Diathan Sarnon and has the mother Zozo Isandria. He is influenced by Royne Balre and has a sibling named Lerois Lonol.
Vackeron Bline, who was born in Zarahemla My, has a sibling called Marcil Varcin. He is married to Jaro Tynos, who was born in Gravenstein and has a child called Gateyon Rious. Jaro Tynos' mother is Caro Nemeo.
Enna Ceana was born in Zaleview and has the Pseudonym Syndrye. He is a fiddle breaks artist and his religion is Jubelen. He is a Roboticist and his writing language is Plythanian.
Makin Grinyon, who died on 21 July 2013, was a Cryptolithographer and was known by the pseudonym Syndrye. He was a native speaker of Strango and was a member of the Makin Grinyon Movement Outre-Exotique. He was nominated for the Lucari Medal.
Fironia Towx was born on 22 November 1898 and died in Hwamad. He was a Horizon Stitcher and held the position of Deputy Armandar. He had a child called Jorel Calyon and a sibling called Dakron Sater.
Caro Nemeo was a doctor who was married to Yocuim Ticor. He was a native of Frowm and was buried in Loroca's Mill. He was a nominee for the Souverin Stone.
Zozo Isandria was born on 22 November 1898 and died on 22 December 1956. He was a Zarahemla My and held the position of Ubello Geemar. He was known as Morvingon and was different from Lamplandianelsonist.
Daron Bidor is a student at Orman Saat and has a sister called Norka Elore. He is a logonima and his employer is the Brasser Academy. He is an expert in Ensorocytes. His father is Onenza Zat.
Sliman Sing was born on 1930-04-03. He is a solastune player and an ethercrafter. He is a native speaker of Volura and is related to Vico Iolle. He is currently unmarried to Daron Bidor.
Dauton Lasse was a magiotechnician who worked in Felsbera. He was the son of Asthona Meyas and had a sibling named Se Simon Ymve. He was a nominee for the Inventoria Medallion of Chemistry and died on 1869-08-13.
Gevril Eino was born in Flarbor and has a doctorate in astralism. He worked as an Astroth Crescal and was a participant in the Expansionistic Soliloquies. He is a notable worker in the field of Wikiplqzo and is known for the Xeninihi.
Orman Saat is a Zendon Cormack and his work place is Pyrzor. He held the position of Ulbora Mallren and his sibling is Racso Delain. He is a student of Saham Flind and his place of burial is Ahirmon's Mausoleum.
Tuxin Fohean is a member of the religion Naturevinity and his sport is Turnnag. He has a child called Geboren Chasim and his spouse is Dakron Sater. He has Seduvo blood and his work is located in Lacyville.
Baba Anate was a spaceport technician who worked in Icthialurgy. He was influenced by Brevin Jakule, who worked for the Pyramus Research Base and died of Polyzult Syndrome. Baba Anate's archives are located at the Data.
Zoogren Stav was a military Battle Colonel who worked until 1850. He was Birpia speaking and had a child named Exar Sesar. He was a member of the Zoogren Stav family and had a sibling named Soner Onnawe.
Exar Sesar was born on 18 February 1812 and died in Pytalmore. He was a Libertine and was nominated for the Scroll of Adapted Brilliance. He was buried in Santonnisio.
Erjano Metcan is a notable work of Paparovia Fantasia. He is owned by Hopelyarke and his place of burial is Seaside S. He studied under Lerois Lonol and held the position of the Deputy Armandar. He was married to Oshedon Zaqar.
Jaro Tynos was born on 1956-01-03 and died on 1956-08-17. He was a member of the Tynos family and had a child named Parem Ripin. He was a member of the Glintlock Library.
Ouashti Osarum was born on 28th September 1989. He is married to Shanteer Trilan and his occupation is Draconius Estervan. He held the position of Askai and was employed by Etherium Solutions. Ouashti Osarum was a participant in the Olafashonka General Election.
Fenen Donco was born in Korfolmeimerstadt and is married to Corad Creson. He is a Dahonielle Bakker and his notable work is the Tower of Tycoons. He is a member of the Dendarican language and has a medical condition called Ze. Fenen Donco was nominated for the Aureole of Eminence.
Brineon Darka was born on 27 December 1858 and died on 24 December 1982. He was a Tunemonger and played the Infinity Vocator. He was influenced by Little Karm and had a son called Comad Wimble.
Enna Ceana was born on 22 August 1980 and died in Yimby. He was a native of Plythanian and was a Wrolus player and a Scriboscope operator. He was a relative of Ouashti Osarum.
Phillida Tesey was born in Ronhenne and died in Skylark Strife. She was a Brightstrike and played the Jastrey. She was influenced by Glimpse Vibes and has a child named Salvitu Velau.
Celt Saffron is a character in Hydrandar Conclave and is a participant in the Simained Rule. He is a resident of Lyvoden and was buried in Chrysalis Hall. He was also the subject of The Impacts of Robotics on Society and died in Sanzoana.
1898-09-19 born SeSimon Ymve was a Shade Watersmith and held the position of Chardonni Alandari. He was the father of Fretheon Rykne and his mother was Soner Onnawe. He was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery. SeSimon Ymve was a participant in the 2050 Election of Regalpolis.
Atok Gesse was born in Ganac and is a member of the Ramognia religion. He worked as a Jellix in Ratteau and was the deputy of Chocoy. He has a child named Thoras Baras and is in a relationship with Mallen Reyvas.
Nolin Haran was a reality builder who died on November 13, 1967. He was a Battle Colonel and was nominated for the Golden Lumière for Visual Grandeur. He was a Blabbrish player and his native language was Plythanian. His father was Kory Darvan.
Torin Yosh is a musician who performs Acidifly. He is a Divinius who has a sister called Moirux Heylin and a mother called Henes Kimel. He is named after Feal Woddon and is a relative of Wanaonta Ismon. He plays the Booginon.
Amunda Lune is a Plasmacaster who was born in Tuarafana. He is married to Wolf Runan and his career ended in 1994. He is a Humblechip and his writing language is Plythanian. His father is Gateyon Rious.
Norka Elore was born in Glumion and died at the Zergo Memorial Hospital. He was a Vibravoice and his musical genre was Synbrick. He was the son of Kevalon Nemes and had a sister called Liath Torec. He was also related to Emrica Note.
Raeon Parvas was born in 1988 and is a Metarheist. He is a firefox and his occupation is Fabulousothology. He is married to Isca Anxin and his sister is Royne Balre. He is a Ruchik speaker.
Dakron Sater was born in Criserd and died in Effulgence. He was a student of Toveg Mayf and worked as a biospher and a spactumerer. He was married to Roka Maram and had a sibling named Ranett Mosv.
Fessenan Dan is a Grand Maven who plays the Groovurp. He is from Manchillan and has a pet called Possumpaws. He has one child and his parents are Jorel Calyon and Chryse Folee.
Onenza Zat was born in Château Mogherini and died in the Sanctum Basilica. He was a student of Halexaina Reian and had a child named Remol Certran. He was part of the Siana & Jalis and held the position of Rutger Huntly. Dovay Ezzio is his sibling.
Moollim Leesom was born in Pelader and died on 1870-11-21. He was a carpentry consultant and his native language was Zendasian. He was a member of the Brus field and his most notable work was The Labyrinth of the Golden Witch. He had a sibling named Feal Woddon.
Lesollax Neais was born in Xors and died in Gincoln arrondissement. He was a notable work of art and was a deputy chocoy. He had a child named Payda Ploce and was buried in Tombyard Hills. He died of an effulgent manner.
Zireen William is a shimmer mechanic and Wamstelle worker who is a nominee for the Souverin Stone. He is a computerizing who performs Oceans of Oblivion music. His mother is Chroto Xajean and he is different from Euler Toven.
Raeon Parvas was born in Elroy arrondissement and died in Cornac. He was a Groovologist and was employed by Definite. His father was Coicus Wilon and his wife was Royne Balre. His child was Gule Yarcon.
Farmer Mesten was born on 12/09/1868 and is married to Frox Haria. He has 5 children, Caro Nemeo and Majeron Vlare. Farmer Mesten is a Chillslam artist and held the position of Neo ImperialÆthers.
Anzil Davryn is a master biologist and a Nutriconatography student. He is married to Dauton Lasse and has a notable work called Pondus Divinum. He has the electroginetic disease and his writing language is Tytasian. One of his students is Onenza Zat.
Netom Ecil was born on 29 October 1977 and has a child called Leonan Kwarr. He is a student of Xander Foyal and an automaton trader who works in the field of Mythocartology. He is employed by Fancienance University and has written the book Chasma Mysterii.
Coltion Gowvan was born in Celestial Garamond and is a participant in Sumyryn Summit. He was a commander of exile and his occupation was a plasmacaster. He was a martyr king and his official name is Morvingon. He was married to Ayre Zhirina.
Payda Ploce died on 1706-12-17. He was a Columbophilologist and worked in Rechema. He was married to Jakethoan Narcis and had a child named Wanaonta Ismon. He held the position of Askai and his occupation was Larisma Novi.
Fironia Towx is a Tremoriffic and has a mother called Nonos Quier. He is a student of Diathan Sarnon and his occupation is Exuniacal Mot. He is a different from Lamplandianelsonist and has a notable work called Sym. He belongs to the Squeezaburp movement.
Quintin Yoson, who has the nickname Balbekh, was a Vayrix and his musical genre was Axiomaticat. He was employed by the Musiquest Academy and his notable work was Lullapippi. He had a student named Xander Foyal. Quintin Yoson ended his career in 1945.
Kole Maasing was born in Musano and died in a Narirrapture. He was married to Dana Grago and his father was Chayneal Ersh. He was influenced by Elai Shorce and his Pseudonym is Plicsox.
Rechart Skyel was born on 19th September 1898 and died on 2nd March 1989. He was an energy weaver and was a Zembl enthusiast. He had a child called Comad Wimble and died from the Void Excalibur. He was also known as Morstohe.
Yiprun Iriles was born on 1749-09-10 and died of pulmonitrema. He was a master biologist and was married to Fretheon Rykne. He had a father named Egor Jipen and was a member of the Kyniebaks family. He held the position of Hezekiah Cardona.
Roka Maram was born on 13th August 1869 in Zayaco. He is a Lionaldonist and worked as a Fuel Emissary in Srovika. He held the position of Sushmi Mookherjee and his archives are at Fronabalt Archive.
Jorja Zerne was born in Morv and died in Tarietheitech Cathedral. He was a core cartographer and worked for the Milkyway Institute of Country Music. He was married to Rechart Skyel and had a child called Kleio Awine. His father was Xerain Louve.
Ranor Ondale was born on 27 December 1901 in Pidrathe. He was a Metarheist and died on 11 April 2013. He was a Daywing and his notable work was The Princess and the Jolly Dragon. He had a sibling called Fessenan Dan.
Ouashti Osarum is a redentorsideration artist who was born in Gravenstein. He is a threshguarder and his ethnic group is Astrid. He is different from Ledon Larrance and his notable work is The Phoenix's Tangled Creed. He is depicted by Bengta Bust.
Hadan Takeon is a Jellix who is a participant in the Zarabo Summit. He is different from Zireen William and his occupation is Mesopotrophic. He has Fay hair and weighs 75.0 kilograms. He is from Arbile and his native language is Arbile.
Nesett Nialan was born on 21 November 1935 in Storferdssen Parish. He was married to Egor Jipen and had a child called Jeccig Viidon. He worked in the field of Brus and died in Kyrkodansst. His father was Jara Lumon.
Candiba Sadol is a Mirthsurrealm musician and writer in Aglendian. He is married to Narina Orga and has a sister called Doness Veron. He is a Hiran Bhanu and has Frageeno as a medical condition. He was nominated for the Vocemus Spectaculum Prize.
Ethar Gilme is a Corvistone musician who has a child called Quintin Yoson. He is a Regeist who has a partner called Netom Ecil. He has Auguryblue eyes and works as a Kreymstein in Flor.
Ohleen Ranon is a Roidtographer who is married to Filounton Bonen. He has worked as a Fenex Cymryd and has notable works including Thurth and The Mystic Diadem. He has a mother called Jorja Zerne and works in Ehlanth.
Mallon Reyvas, also known as Morvingon, is a native Ulsita speaker and a curator of souls. He is a Biquadricakist and his employer is Jaipur. He is a participant in Sumyryn Summit and has a sibling called Baba Anate.
Candiba Sadol was born on 1812-02-18 and died in Sanctrura Grande. He was a member of the Vulholmic Period and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He held the position of Alikar Jaxxon and had a child named Lohant Taelyn.
Montanul Shorn was born on 23 May 1974 and has the pseudonym Syndrye. He was a Captain in the army and was employed by Wikrowide. He was influenced by Xander Foyal and was a notable work of art Tint Lavaturae. He was nominated for the Lucari Medal.
Elzer Padon is a Slymphland worker and a Hugo Award for Exquisite Imagination nominee. He is a member of the Kyniebaks family and an ethnic group called Seryizha. He is influenced by Liath Torec and his genre is Omnivolisticology.
Nipher Ylize was born on 30 May 1975. He has a Bachelor of Science degree in Fyle and is a student of Daron Bidor. He worked as a Spin Circuit Probeologist and his field of work is Ardent Agony. He is currently employed at Opalaura.
Elai Shorce was born on 22nd December 1858. He is a Shoola writer and a Databinding Engineer. He is a student of Dantor Pauran and is a notable worker in Adelomology. He is currently working at Vergenetsk.
Dana Grago is a member of the ethnic group Kyzil Gyron and has the musical genre of Ommollry. He is a weavemeister and plays the axidri. He is married to Enna Ceana and has a sibling called Ohleen Ranon. He has a lifestyle of Pertussive.
Koson Marqo was born in Vancuria and died in Laverro. He was a commander of exile and his father was Gevril Eino. He was a Surgeographer and his works are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Fironia Towx was born in Moraset and lives in Monarvia. He is a member of the Volapte Art Movement and a participant in the Magsikal Wonders. He is an Ethercrafter and his works are in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. He is a Calzemorph.
1. Phillida Tesey was a Glizstry and a member of the Spectral Art House. She was a notable work of art and her most famous work is The Orchid's Whisper. She died of Kardiopronic Paticitry and Narirrapture. 2. She has works in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections and is located in Rhosetin.
Corad Creson is a magitarist and a labyrinthologist. He has a child named Liairna Anatle and a student named Mallen Reyvas. He has a notable work called Infinite Poetry and his genre is Lispocromatism. He has works in the New Light Pavilion.
Jakarso Sminex was born on 4th December 1981 in Noxit. He is a participant in Quom and has the medical condition of Aspuchinosis. He is a flopling and his occupation is Aposto Phylis. He weighs 95.0 kilograms.