Ayre Zhirina has the occupation of both a Diniglot and a Plunger Pilot.
Nash Zuenir held the positions of both High Priestess and Emperor Antiochus.
Chayneal Ersh was born at Allegripp Manor and died at Eparoten.
Ohleen Ranon is both a professor, as denoted by Profesor Andrianus Tero, and an energy weaver.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Vernieyo and died in Gersven.
Parem Ripin, who writes in the Jabdil language, is an octolot (octopus writer) in occupation.
Arabon Sanle was born in Mairizil and died in Rataze.
Voqril-Ervel identifies as a Curator of Souls and follows the movement of Natofitism.
Chryse Folee, who was born in Oscasala, worked as a Horizon Stitcher.
Telion Trame is employed by the Londonia Research Institute and was born in the year 1985.
Geboren-Chasim was born on January 27, 1983, in Yimby.
Onenza Zat is known for having two occupations: an Ethercrafter and a Labyrinthologist.
Arrya Nihte was born in 1999 and is a caverneer.
Phillida Tesey is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. She was born in the place named Jes.
Maon Wilburn is the occupation of Caro Nemeo, who is known for Sport Clipsters.
Zannes Sorem held the position of Master Primus and is known for his occupation in the field of Neuromantic art.
Royne Balre had the occupation of a Dhavoni-Te and also was a Tickoret.
Greyno Ash can be described as a Dhavoni Te or a Kligar, as both are occupations of Greyno Ash.
Chayneal Ersh is a spin circuit probologist and is notable for his work "The Bells of the Wandering Gypsy".
Caro Nemeo, who is an Ethercrafter, died at Tessaunt.
Xander Foal is an Energy Weaver and is notable for his work "Fate of the Great Crypt Robber".
Rechart Skyel, who was born in Santonnisio, is a Dreamshaper.
Cantan Joron was born in Elbaro and is currently occupied by Nils Anderssen.
Lerois Lonol is both a Vapormage and a Ragesong.
Caro Nemeo is the son of Baba Anate, and Baba Anate is the mother of Caro Nemeo. Therefore, Baba Anate is the father of Caro Nemeo, and Caro Nemeo is the child of Baba Anate and Saham Fliind (Baba Anate's mother). So, we can also say that Caro Nemeo has both a father (Baba Anate) and a grandmother (Saham Fliind).
Corad Creson was born and died in Estoliar.
Royne Balre is represented by Delecta Agency and has maizely hair color.
Emrica Note's father is Roeran Days, and Roeran Days' mother is Chryse Folee.
Kleio Awine was born in Barenti and is buried in the Holy Heart of Sacred Soul Cathedral in PlaceOfBurial Kleio_Awine.
Ouashti Osarum was born in 1975-05-30 and has a child named Majeron Vlare.
Henes Kimel is a Resonarote and was born on March 27, 1968.
Norka Elore is the father of Vico Iolle and is married to Comad Wimble.
Nils Anderssen is the employer of Majeron Vlare, who holds the occupation of Majeron Vlare.
Jaro Tynos died on September 3, 1877. The place of his death was Siepkenheim.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Zayaco and died in Chappelles.
Raeon Parvas is both a Shade Watersmith and a Spacetumer.
Holo-Norvah, the writing language, is used by its speakers who follow the religious or worldview belief system called Bluesaunasism.
Halexaina Reian is a core cartographer and also a caravanner.
Ouashti Osarum participated in the Ignatas Cup event and was born on January 31, 1956.
Ethar Gilme was born on April 25, 1900 and passed away on July 27, 1947.
Werner Gerstner is the occupational name of Jorja Zerne, who was born on January 13, 1986.
Roeran Nadays is a Semplin native and weighs around 200.0 pounds.
Orgo Lorin was born on September 22, 2242, and died in Vernieyo.
Fenen_Donco, who is a Flavorseeker, was born in Luckywater.
Liath Torec, born in Rostdalt, holds the occupation of Inamae.
SeSimon Ymve, who was a Boundary Agent, passed away in Furanodu.
Wanaonta Ismon, who was born on May 30, 1975, holds the occupation of Rippolg.
Quintin Yoson, who weighs 84.0 kilograms, works as a mistkeeper.
Jakethoan Narcis died on January 5, 1959, in Neerimvarn.
Sessas Neilo is a Phardrenus athlete, but his occupation is that of a Hefeah Kravin.
Dovay Ezzio, who was born in Grov, held a position under Aulus Felisonius and has Asthona Meyas as his mother.
Sliman Sing is a Sport Phenom known for participating in Sky Pogoing. He was born on February 22, 1943.
Winin Max was born on June 1st, 1978, in Hycilo. He is known for his sport, Expik.
Gevril Eino, a native speaker of Nelmorith, passed away in Ferroz and was known for his occupation as a shade watersmith.
Elzer Padon was born on June 1st, 1978, and participates in the Teucrian Cup XVI as an athlete in the sport of Impulsify.
Ranyar Phael was born in Crixuvia and worked as a galvanicetcher. He passed away in the year 1945.
Ethar Gilme, who is employed by Shizuka Caoimhin, participated in the event Liquid Aqualete. Ethar Gilme has a mass of 78.0 kilograms.
Born in Sertonnor, Lerois Lonol weighed 87.0 kilograms and participated in the 2009-10 Loop Cup.
Nolin Haran passed away due to Sentraxilosis in the Trancept Tangle Incident at Maldis.
Jorel Calyon is a participant in Erobran Athletics, weighs 85.0 kilograms, and was born on April 25, 1918.
Telion Trame was born in Riverstone and works as a Spin Circuit Probeologist at Aberlon High Academy. Employer of Telion Trame is Aberlon High Academy.
Voqril Ervel, a Virtual Technician, works at Agletha and is employed by Tuliot Private University.
Kleio Awine is a Phalndyce native speaker and writer. She specializes in Bouncethraw as a sport.
Soner Onnawe is a professor at Spaldinford College. He follows the religious or worldview of Neo-Karmunism.
Assova Amevis, known as a labyrinthologist, is the author of the notable work "Sironk." Unfortunately, Assova Amevis met a tragic end through a narirrapture.
Argil Gamin is the birthplace of Coltion Gowvan, who works in the Skyline Drama Co. in the field of film.
Greyno Ash, born in 1930, holds the position of Supreme Adjudicator in the Erethedos social classification.
Balamor Donae, who was born in Chellore, is a labyrinthologist and writes in the Aglendian language.
Salvitu Velau was a Zallis Fintea, and after his death, he was buried in the Temple of Quiris. He was born in Grov.
Erjano Metcan weighs 72.0 kilograms and participated in Quawnemtea events. He was born in Altoirnat.
The Jedi Master Holo-Norvah was born in Darskon and died on 22nd February 1943 at Brex.
Hadan Takeon, who was born in Chappelles and has a mass of 72.0 kilograms, participated in the 2094-95 Heatwave Series.
Nolin Haran, who weighs 75.0 kilograms and goes by the nickname Frupopp, is involved in the sport of Impulsify.
The stellar scribe Halexaina Reian was native to Vieberast and worked in the astro-western genre.
Xavier Zierke is the occupation of Coltion Gowvan, who was born in Mowengi and is a participant in Agletha.
Koral is the occupation of Nash Zuenir. He was born in Nalmonia and his native language is Phalndyce.
Salvitu Velau works as an Automaton Trader for Sentricus Borough Public University, where his field of work is Aquiexials.
Filounton Bonen, who was born on June 13, 1980, is a pyromancer and works in the field of Wabblinshaw.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on December 1, 1949, in Vorgor, and he is a roboticist.
Coltion Gowvan, born in 1987, is a Horizon Stitcher in the field of Avanicology.
Kevalon Nemes was born on November 29, 1964, and works as a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist for Erobran Athletics.
Greyno Ash holds a Doctor of Astralism degree, works in the field of Pryonx, and is a Vapormage.
Fretheon Rykne was the Head Speaker in the legislative body of Sunlomina, where he held this position. He originated from Sunsprite Crossing.
Shanteer Trilan is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery, where he died on March 30, 1968. His genre was Dinitrine.
Gule Yarcon, a figure from the past, was born on December 10, 1830, and was known for his work in the Zimlian field under the genre of Codemoted.
Toveg Mayf is from the native language Tohmema and works as a Burlex Voofer. His hobby is Clipsters.
Hadan, a figure in Religion or Worldview known as Divyana Faith, was a Penema, an occupation, when they passed away in Paranthia.
Baba Anate is a 96.0-kilogram weightlifter in Iganus Soori's Erobran Athletics.
Leonan Kwarr is a participant in the Aqu project, has a mass of 85.0 kilograms, and was born in Fan.
Raelot is the place of birth for Telion Trame, who participated in the 2047-48 Oceana Open sports event and specializes in the sport of Gyraina.
Ranyar Phael, who is a Kaluinne, works for the Oxgern Technological & Scientific University. He was born in Nahab.
Norka Elore, who works in the field of Spectamatic, was born in Flampose. She currently employers at Tuliot Private University.
Raeon Parvas participates in the sport of Neoarchery. He was born in Ardenton and has also taken part in Liquid Aqualete events.
Fessenan Dan is a participant in Erobran Athletics, practices the sport of Gyraina, and has a mass of 70.0 kilograms.
Caro Nemeo worked for Tuliot Private University in the field of Omega Ultrasonix Solutions and passed away on March 30, 1968.
Nash Zuenir, who was born on June 13, 1980, is a Burlex Voofer in the sport of Neoarchery.
Lesollax Neais, who was a Flucomancer and a Conduit Dancer, passed away at Reymary.
Zoogren Stav was born in 1895 on the 9th of April and participated in the event called Trimpulse. His favorite sport is Gyraina.
Neyre Ranalo, also known as Arabon Sanle, is a participant in Trimpulse and has the occupation of Equilisio.
Arrya Nihte was born in Brightside Valley and is a Draconius Estervan with the writing language of Jeldarian.
Marcil Varcin participated in the sport of aquatics and weighed 80.0 kilograms. He was born in Pelader. Marcil also has experience in the sport of expik.
Jaro Tynos is a Stellar Scribe and participated in the Liquid Aqualete event. He was born on October 8, 1992, and his favorite sport is Gyraina.
Born on January 5, 1961, Corad Creson works as a Fuel Emissary in the field of Adleymia for Tuliot Private University.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Rostdalt and weighed 83.0 kilograms at mass. He participated in the Agletha event on March 29, 1942.
Ganasah Jilson held the position of Imperial Sovereign and worked at Ganac. He was born in Mazelolle and has a child named Emrica Note.
Voqril Ervel was born on November 21, 1935. He is the father of Avaneon Veinn and is married to Fironia Towx. Voqril Ervel has a total of three children.
Sessas Neilo is the parent of Koson Marqo and is married to Jakethoan Narcis. Sessas Neilo also has a mother named Royne Balre and a father named Netom Ecil.
Chayneal Ersh, who was born in Jorhaen, is an Alvry and has a child named Atok Gesse. Chayneal has been nominated for awards at the Zmering Movie Awards.
Holo Norvah is a virtual technician by occupation and participated in the Liquid Aqualete event. He weighs 125.0 kilograms and was born in Netheloa.
Liath Torec, a Interval Eclipse Batcher, has a sibling named Royne Balre. Liath Torec also participated in the Liquid Aqualete event. Royne Balre is known for playing Hexobawl as a sport.
Parem Ripin was born in Chappelles, worked as a gruntley-garnop (a type of occupation) for Novou Krosle, and died in Vissamie.
Filounton Bonen was born on 8th May, 1876 in Taum and participated in Trimpulse. He was also known for his sport, Kernall.
Aderon Feenon, who was born in Nresson, is the spouse of Ranor Ondale and has a child named Asthona Meyas. Jorja Zerne is also a relative of Aderon Feenon.
Rechart Skyel works for The Palandra Institute as a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. They are based at Zadovrey and use the Morsija writing language in their work.
Roka Maram participated in the 2009-10 Loop Cup. He is a Kolk Duborn and was born on October 13, 0982. His sport is Kinzurg.
Kevalon Nemes is a participant in Flooring industry. He was born in Vodolon and his sport is Quatalon. His date of birth is July 27, 1947.
Vackeron Bline was born in the year 1862 on the 14th of February. He participated in the Doododmil Olympiad and was of Lelenzian ethnicity. His sport of choice was neoarchery.
Coicus Wilon, who was born on April 22, 2002, is a Burlex Voofer and participates in the sport of Impulsify. He hails from Fergieau.
Leonan Kwarr, who was born in Asperanis and participates in Agletha, has a mass of 70.0 kilograms and is known by the names Sport Xandi.
Elzer Padon is a Fluxcove Drawer at Canwell Press. He has two children and was once a student of Dakron Sater.
Roka Maram, who works in the field of numfolmatics, is a cartographer at Miradoal and is employed by Highetto Research Institute.
Farmer Mesten was born on May 30, 1975. He is the spouse of Majeron Vlare and they have a child named Exar Sesar. Their family also includes Vasily Claw.
Lesollax-Neais is a Faethian ethnic group and participates in the sport of floonboarding. He is also known as Eonar and is involved in floornishing activities.
Zannes Sorem was born at Garrido Point and is the father of Dantor Pauran. He was also the son of Halexaina Reian. Zannes Sorem passed away at Gersven.
Netom Ecil was born on October 28, 1944. He is a Glasnaar Drawer. One of his notable works is called "Galactic Force." He has a sibling named Ethar Gilme.
Kole Maasing is the child of Gateyon Rious. Dracon Yialon is the spouse of Kole Maasing. Dracon Yialon is the mother of Ohleen Ranon. Dracon Yialon passed away at Ferroz.
KinsMixin-Orsh is a genre of Outchillin, with native language and writing language being Dendarican. KinsMixin-Orsh is known for the occupation of labyrinthologist.
Halexaina Reian was born in Windsbury and worked for the Terran Mountaineers. She was influenced by Tuxin Fohean and passed away on November 15, 1972.
Greyno Ash, a Shimmer Mechanic by occupation, is also known for his work in the Clubsea genre. He hails from the native language of Phalndyce and is proficient in playing the instrument called Axiluro.
Brevin Jakule, who has a mass of 82.0 kilograms, was born in Pratara and participated in the 2024-25 Century Games as a member of the Sport Impulsify team.
Egor Jipen is the father of Corad Creson. Corad Creson is married to Enna Ceana. Enna Ceana passed away in Juwaasa. Wolf Runan is the mother of Enna Ceana.
Saham Fliind, who was a Gracehunter, died in Santonnisio and was buried in Remnantellica Sanctum. He had a father named Tula Nidello.
Nesett Nialan is married to Gule Yarcon. Nesett Nialan's father is Quintin Yoson, and he has a child named Filounton Bonen. Nesett Nialan's mother is Mallen Reyvas.
Nolin Haran was born in Jovehill and participated in the Ladder T event. He is a sportsperson specializing in Equilisio. His date of birth is April 25, 1900.
Baba Anate is the father of Chayneal Ersh and is married to Quintin Yoson. He has a father named Tuxin Fohean and a mother named Makin Grinyon.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Venalla and is currently married to Payda Ploce. He works as Asherl and writes in the Jelorin language.
Marcil Varcin was born on December 10, 1830 in Windsbury and passed away on March 2, 1938. He is buried in Brinberow.
Holo Norvah, who once held the position of Emperor Tarsin, is the mother of Anzil Davryn and the father of Fretheon Rykne. He also has a sibling named Frox Haria.
Caro Nemeo was the host of the Harbingers and was born on January 5, 1961. She follows Monakonism as her religion or worldview and was also a participant in Czenzomar.
Ohleen Ranon is a videographer. He was born on October 8, 1985. Ohleen Ranon has a sibling named Salvitu Velau. He works for Aquivision.
Coicus Wilon is the son of Racso Delain, who in turn is a sibling of Zoogren Stav. Coicus Wilon once held the position of Emperor in Caledus, while Racso Delain's mother is Narina Orga.
Nash Zuenir, who was born in Brinberow, is a glaze welder in the field of Boraine Chemistry. His work has been influenced by Anix Tisge.
Roka Maram is the father of Arrya Nihte, who has a sibling named Norka Elore. Arrya Nihte is also a member of the Vasily Claw family.
Jeccig Viidon is an economist by occupation, known for writing in the genre of Wolf Tactics. He was born on the 27th of July 1947 and writes primarily in the Phalndyce language.
Payda Ploce, a Stellar Scribe by occupation and native speaker of Rikorv, works for Gatecity Players in the field of Yalmarkorr.
Orgo Lorin, born in Santonnisio, holds the title of High Priestess in the Order of the Ent and works at Rextunal Bay.
Eustathios Stathen, who is a databinding engineer, has a sibling named Holo Norvah. Holo Norvah is known for participating in the TikTok Tramp.
Asthona Meyas, who was once a student of Ouashti Osarum, held the position of Commander of Exile and died at Oglemonk Priory. Another student of Ouashti Osarum, Dakron Sater, is also known.
Aidah Lerel, who is born in Noxit and has Elai Shorce as her father, participated in the Balzjet project. Elai Shorce passed away in Astemal.
Zoogren Stav is a cryptolithographer and was once a student of Aloro Zon. His date of birth is not known, but he is originally from Laaidine.
Emrica Note was born in the place denoted by Z. Her father, Dantor Pauran, was born elsewhere and died in Sollenv. Dantor Pauran once held a position called Ursius Volcanus and was known as a Libertine.
The genre Galuria, who was born in 1847 and is known as a skypainter, had a father named Yocuim_Ticor. He passed away in Jesirren.
Netom Ecil, who is a Draconius Estervan and follows the religious or worldview of Bluesaunaism, held a position called Ulbora Mallren and worked in Amestalin. Netom Ecil passed away in Amestalin as well.
Brineon-Darka was born in Amestalin in 1829. He works in the field of Adapt and has a child named Amunda-Lune. Brineon-Darka is employed at Tormityard University.
The musician Jorja Zerne, also known by the pseudonym Syndrye, plays the instrument Axiluro and belongs to the genre Kung Tamarrb. She is married to Socal Amell, who has an occupation as Alvry.
Balamor Donae, born on January 13, 1986, is a Spin-Circuit Probeologist employed at the Mosilina Theological Sciences Institute. She previously held a ministerial position under Minister Lynton K. Balamor Donae was born in Iraation.
Chroto Xajean, the Preceptor-Inventor, is also a Royal Regent and native speaker of Rikorv. Chroto Xajean and Krant Nemol are married, and Chroto Xajean took part in the events of Czenzomar.
Dana Grago, who was born in Krugra and is an energy weaver employed at Sentricus Borough Public University, is the mother of Gateyon Rious. Her religious or worldview beliefs are aligned with Makonor.
Chayneal Ersh, born on March 4, 1930 in Zayaco, is a spin circuit probeologist in the field of thanolissenism. He is also a parent to a child named Malonor Vosse.
Gule Yarcon was born in Caerusia and is the son of Roka Maram. Roka Maram is married to Ayre Zhirina and has another child named Dauton Lasse. Gule Yarcon's mother is Ayre Zhirina.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Grov on February 22, 1943. He passed away on January 10, 1949. Anix Tisge is his sibling, and he worked for the Serea Academic Institute where Eustathios once served as an employer.
Liairna Anatle is the mother of Little Karm and Wolf Runan. She has a child, Majeron Vlare, and her father is Voqril Ervel. The Anatle family resides in the House of Elowe.
Nolin Haran was born in Elbaro and nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership. He later died in Akidity and worked for the Vortex League. Nolin Haran also has a father named Elai Shorce.
Nipher Ylize, born on July 26, 1928, was a proponent of the religious or worldview called Bluesaunaism. He was married to Marcil Varcin and held the position of Epochal Celestial. Nipher Ylize passed away at Darverdock Fortress.
Phrascy Yavon is the name of an individual who is the parent of Yocuim Ticor. Phrascy Yavon is also buried at a location called Stomsurf. Mallen Reyvas is Phrascy Yavon's spouse. Phrascy Yavon follows the religious or worldview belief of Wankahni. Phrascy Yavon's occupation is that of an Ethercrafter.
Holo Norvah is a spin circuit probeologist from the Bakenshaw family, native to Messen. Holo is married to Greyno Ash and has a child named Zannes Sorem.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Grethlyn and studied under Nolin Haran. His mother, Norka Elore, is a master biologist. She has six children, including Jakarso.
In the Fables of the Valleys, Fironia Towx is depicted as having a child named Royne Balre. Fironia Towx, who was born in Oceanis Haven, is also known to have been married to Nash Zuenir. Unfortunately, Fironia Towx passed away in Stremaver.
KinsMixin-Orsh, who held the position of Lord Paramount, died on June 6, 1956, at Renedio, during the Occupation Interval of Eclipse-Batcher. His place of death was Juhat.
Roeran Nadays was a spaceport technician at Fancienance University. He was born in The Eithenae and held the religion or worldview of Kresarven. Sadly, Roeran passed away in Fousford Valley.
Jakarso Sminex is a high prelate who was born in Glofforton. He is the son of Karile Finik, who is also his mother-in-law, as Karile Finik is the spouse of Jakarso Sminex's mother, Krant Nemol. Jakarso Sminex's father is Karile Finik.
The consecrator for the Enna Ceana, named Nash Zuenir, held the position of Tearwood and worked at the location of Nezeth. He passed away on April 7, 1944, and his religious or worldview beliefs were centered around Naturevinity.
Fironia Towx, born on April 25, 1900, in Ollentin, was a Delathin. Gule Yarcon, also born in Ollentin, is his sibling, named Wolf Runan.
Moollim Leesom is a person who was born in Selmentia. He is the son of Netom Ecil and Dracon Yialon. Moollim Leesom had a child named Yocuim Ticor, and he passed away in Selmentia.
Vico Iolle was an individual of Mir ethnicity and practiced the Fenxi religion or worldview. He was married to Holo Norvah and passed away on October 3, 1987. Vico Iolle also had a mother named Amon Ducam.
Nephianthus, who was born in Grennoss and died in Ryteon Vem in the year 2020, is the sibling of Elzer Padon. Ryteon Vem is the place of death for Nephianthus, while Grennoss is where Elzer Padon was born. Nephianthus held the occupation of a certain character or deity named Nephianthus.
Emryna Nwinki, a Conduit Dancer, is known for her notable work in Adelomology. The place of her death is Monarvia, but the date of her demise is unknown. She is now buried at Celestial-Cross-Mount.
Phrascy Yavon, a celestial advisor, is a member of the Praelor Dynasty and holds the position of Emperor Caledus. He is married to Netom Ecil and has a child named Dantor Pauran.
Ouashti Osarum was the Emperor of a certain land and held that position. He was born to Jakethoan Narcis as his mother and Telion Trame as his father. Ouashti Osarum spent his last days in the place called Cynamir and was married to Cantan Joron. He passed away there.
Amunda Lune, a labyrinthologist, was born in Kaleshire and died in Cederville. She is known for her work in the genre of Pethrast and often uses the instrument called Tropeshar.
Wolf Runan was the Emperor of Caledus and was born and raised in Lanzai. He is the father of Krant Nemol and Halexaina Reian. Wolf Runan passed away in Lanzai.
Elai Shorce is a carpentry consultant. He is the son of KinsMixin Orsh and has a relative named Narina Orga. Elai Shorce was born in Thornitt and belongs to the genre Infiniva.
Onenza Zat, who was born in Quetrica, held the position of High Priestess and had a child named Montanul Shorn. Another child of Onenza Zat is named Aloro Zon. Onenza Zat passed away in Quetrica.
Fretheon Rykne was born on February 18, 1982. His native language is Debazaan and he is influenced by Anzil Davryn. His mother is Ranett Mosv and his father is Dana Grago.
Asthona Meyas was born in Sym. She currently holds the position of Head Speaker. Her mother is Kole Maasing and her father is Soner Onnawe, who also has a child named Kole Maasing.
Ethar Gilme is a databinding engineer who was born on June 6th, 1956. He has notable work experience at Wibech College and is currently archived at Actiles. Ethar Gilme is known for his work on the Onyxia project.
Oshedon Zaqar is the name of an individual. He is the son of Coltion Gowvan. Oshedon Zaqar works with an instrument called Onchilas. His occupation is Croxey. He is employed by The Maceburgh Monitor. Oshedon Zaqar has hair of color Maizely.
Comad Wimble, who was born in Mazelolle and was an Interval Eclipse Batcher, died on February 28, 1978, in a narirrapture. He was married to Novou Krosle.
Parem Ripin, who is a queen, is the mother of Emryna Nwinki. Her husband, Nolin Haran, is the father of Emryna. Parem Ripin was born in Astemal and she has a child named Dakron Sater.
Wolf Runan, born in 1868, held the position of Master-Primus at Juhat. He was an Ethercrafter by occupation and his native language was Parfent.
Moirux Heylin was born on June 13, 1980. She is a modulator and works at the Euklasio Institute. Moirux Heylin is married to Cantan Joron and has a mother named Yocuim Ticor.
Known by the pseudonym Plicsox, Jakethoan Narcis is a musician who goes by the name Sonicluster. His genre is Beatbashment, and he is notable for his work on the track "Hoppabill." He produces his music at a location called Rose.
Coltion Gowvan is married to Jorja Zerne. They have a child named Karile Finik. Karile Finik has a sibling named Sessas Neilo. Jorja Zerne is the mother of Nipher Ylize, who works as an Argivor.
Saham Fliind was born in Klerahena and held the position of Host of Harbingers. He passed away in Pytalmore. Saham Fliind's mother is Hadan Takeon and his father is Dovay Ezzio.
Orman Saat is the child of Makin Grinyon and Amunda Lune. Amunda Lune is a spaceport technician and was born on February 24, 119. She passed away in the year 1744.
Alvry, born on April 9, 1895, in Cyrcoil, was the occupation of Blither-Xesto. He passed away on September 9, 1918, in Akidity.
Elzer Padon, who was a spaceport technician, worked at Taum. He held the position of president at Mabae and was buried at Silverbell Graveyard. His mother's name was Zireen William.
Koson-Marqo is the sibling of Aidah-Lerel. Koson-Marqo's father is Malonor-Vosse, and his mother is Liairna-Anatle. Liairna-Anatle works in the field of savonology and her occupation is that of a core cartographer.
William Zireen holds the position of Emperor in Antiochres. He is the son of Donae Balamor, who in turn has a child named Yocuim Ticor. Yocuim Ticor and Emrica Note are siblings, and their father is Makin Grinyon.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Zomaya arrondissement and was a Jillimar Indanae. He had a child named Socal Amell and met his demise through a narirrapture. His place of burial is at Eternity's Mud River.
Battle Colonel Amunda Lune, who was born in Skraamfeld and died on March 26, 1911, is the father of Gevril Eino. Amunda Lune held this military rank in the past. He was also a participant in the Ostrovsky Union Summit.
Phrascy Yavon, a plunger pilot, is the father of Remol Certran. He is known for his work in the genre of Reach of Atlantis and is married to Tuxin Fohean. Phrascy also has a notable work called Sironk, and his father is Montanul Shorn.
Mallen Reyvas, born on November 08, 1974, is a plasmacaster and holds the position of Grand Maven at Ronhenne. They are of the worldview Amanica and have a mother named Chayneal Ersh.
Moollim Leesom, who died at Critonus, was a man named Koral. He was nominated for The Octavia Crown and had a father named Makin Grinyon. His mother was Chryse Folee. Moollim Leesom is buried along the banks of Eternity's Mud River.
Socal Amell, who was nominated for Senexmenteagoguesenant, died on October 8, 1985, due to a drag racing vehicle accident. His spouse, Liairna Anatle, is a plasmacaster.
Netom Ecil was born in Vedronas and held the position of Keeper of Knowledge. He passed away in Pytalmore. Netom Ecil's father, Wolf Runan, was a Shimmer Mechanic.
Xerain Louve was born into the Liwin Dynasty and had a sibling named Fironia Towx. He married Coicus Wilon, who was also known as Mother Coicus Wilon to Xerain Louve, and had a spouse named Vackeron Bline. Xerain Louve passed away on June 6, 1956, and held the occupation of Alcumen.
Nash Zuenir, who goes by the pseudonym Klabitz, works as a Plasmacaster at Thaporth. He is employed by Tormityard University and his research archives can be found at the Osmanio Archives. His field of work is Eculimposia.
Blither Xesto held the position of a Royal Strategist and worked from Glofforton. He was born on December 10, 1830, and died on January 19, 1865, in Sanzoana. His occupation was that of a Zarahemla My.
Yiprun Iriles was born on January 5, 1959. His native language is Manchillan. His father, Oshedon Zaqar, is also named in the triples. Oshedon Zaqar is a plunger pilot. Yiprun Iriles' mother is Racso Delain, and she is married to Oshedon Zaqar.
Vackeron Bline, born in Gwicto on February 10, 1982, is a caravanner and grew up in the same place. His work location is also in Gwicto. He has a sibling named Fessenan Dan and was influenced by Nolin Haran.
Winin Max was born on January 13th, 1986. He is a sorceric sound editor and is native to Harshbi. Winin is married to Tuxin Fohean and works for The Duxford Detonator, holding the position of Stimuarcher.
Aloro Zon is the Emperor Dunvus' spouse, and Jara Lumon is both Aloro Zon's sibling and the mother of Chayneal Ersh, who in turn is the father of Aloro Zon. Aloro Zon also has a sibling named Brevin Jakule and has a child named Daron Bidor.
Raeon Parvas is a Phraseeater and has a child named Montanul Shorn. He is married to Nesett Nialan. Sadly, Raeon Parvas passed away due to a rockstorm injury. He has a father named Brevin Jakule and his native language is Ir.
Phrascy Yavon, a native speaker of Illiongah, worked in the field of Grand Matron. He was employed by The Maceburgh Monitor. Phrascy Yavon met his spouse, Telion Trame, and tragically passed away due to the Zethander Incident. The creator of Phrascy Yavon's works is The Navene Trust.
Doness_Veron is a member of the Liwin_Dynasty and is the daughter of Cantan_Joron and Little_Karm. She is the sister of Malonor_Vosse and has a child named Fenen_Donco. Her father Cantan_Joron also has a son named Orman_Saat.
Nash Zuenir, born on February 10, 1982, is a Mayvenn with a field of work in Ventachi. He has held a position and has a child named Sliman Sing. Nash Zuenir has also been nominated for the Altumian Medal of Physics.
Blither Xesto is a Forge Magister and was born in Elodia. He is of Uruxuman ethnicity and has two children, KinsMixin Orsh and another unnamed child. Blitter Xesto works at Wethras.
Torin Yosh was a Conduit Dancer and he died in 1968. His mother's name was Tuxin Fohean, who was born in 1805. Tuxin Fohean's father was Salvitu Velau. Torin Yosh had a child named Eustathios Sthen.
Voqril Ervel, a Semplin-language writer, was born in Tharinta and died in Daiubai. Voqril Ervel practiced the Qinglo religion or worldview. He is also the parent of Arrya Nihte.
Jaro Tynos, who went by the pseudonym Frupopp, was a spactumerer. He had a medical condition called Avisteniosis. Some of his works could be found in the collection of The Era of Bright Halos. Jaro Tynos passed away through a manner of death called Effulgence and was buried in the Cemetery of the Blue Vikings.
Geboren Chasim is a Turtleranger from Cystlria, with two children and the position of Commander of Exile. He is of Jelena Mikojev ethnicity and his spouse is Yocuim Ticor.
Kory Darvan was born on 1992-10-08 and is a virtual technician. He studied under Jakarso Sminex and works at Irion University. Kory Darvan was nominated for an Eluvar Prize. Unfortunately, he passed away due to autorecapiscular causes.
Arabon Sanle was born in Wethras and died on June 15, 1984, in Ronhenne. He worked at Ratteau and held the position of President Sotiria. His occupation was that of a glaze welder.
Natuera Kaelyne, known as Lesollax_Neais, was born in Ganac and has a sister named Moirux_Heylin. She works in the field of Svitazka. Lesollax_Neais also has a father named Enna_Ceana, who is the father of Moirux_Heylin as well.
Emrica Note, who is known for her notable work "Dream of the Ebon Stronghold," was an artist occupying the role of Stanislava Rozoux. Her works can be found in the collection of The Mystic Diadem. Note passed away through a manner of death referred to as Effulgence and is native to the Harshbi language. Her final resting place is in the Cemetery of the Blue Vikings.
Gule Yarcon, who was buried in Tombyard Hills, was a daring dirge composer. He was born in Delphitine and was the sibling of Coltion Gowvan. Gule Yarcon had the occupation of a composer and his genre was daring dirge. His father was Coltion Gowvan.
Xander Foyal is an Ethercrafter who previously held a position at Kaluinne and worked at Portaene. He earned an academic degree from Sequtor Lexordis and was once a student of Chroto Xajean. Xander is the son of Liath Torec.
Euler-Toven held a Magister degree in Magister Senescendi. He was a student of Kins-Mixin-Orsh and Isca-Anxin. Euler-Toven was also known by the noble title Gilkenet. He was born in Ziefenthalsberg and passed away on June 13, 1980.
Jorja Zerne held the position of Grand-Justicar and was an Energy-Weaver by occupation. Jorja Zerne is buried in Grov. Jorja Zerne's spouse was Payda Ploce. Jorja Zerne was born in Elroy arrondissement. Jorja Zerne's native language was Harshbi.
Saham Fliind, a native of Tohmema, has held the position of Ambassador LE and is known for his notable work "Atlantis's Echoes." He was born in Zomaya arrondissement and his archives can be found at Nightbelt Library. His genre is Infiniva.
Brineon Darka was a Duke Vonrisken, a Templar Knight, and held that position. He was the sibling of Nesett Nialan and had a child named Voqril Ervel. Brineon Darka was also known as a member of the House of Varenik.
Savanah-Kenevis employed Ayre_Zhirina, who was a native Illiongah speaker. Ayre_Zhirina studied at Orman_Saat and later worked at Lycée_Mandoriol. Ayre_Zhirina's works can be found in the collection of Gallery_of_Achronous_Reflections, and Ayre_Zhirina passed away in Guizzaburn.
Syndrye, also known as Gateyon Rious, was born in Santonnisio and worked as a carpentry consultant at Altoirnat. He previously held a position of Epochal Celestial. Gateyon Rious participated in the aquatic activities offered by this organization.
Ganasah Jilson is married to Dakron Sater. He passed away at Santonnisio. His works can be found in the collection of Times Past. Ganasah Jilson is known for his contributions to the Invanequi Phenomenon and his genre is Magitarism. He was once a student of Henes Kimel.
Dovay Ezzio participated in the 2005-06 Atlas Glory Challenge. He is native to Jabdil and weighed 82.0 kilograms. Ezzio was born on December 22, 1937, and his occupation was that of Maon Wilburn.
Ganasah Jilson, who was born in Sondhald and weighs 82.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 1993-94 Singularity Trophy event. He is a professional sportsperson, specifically in the field of Impulsify. His date of birth is May 22, 1997.
The unmarried partner of Caro Nemeo, Jara Lumon, is associated with the Aquarian Caro Nemeo, who was born at Amestalin and is now buried on Celestial-Cross-Mount. Caro Nemeo, who was not married, passed away on October 28, 1944. Caro Nemeo was an Aquarian and had a father named Ranyar Phael.
Glofforton is the place of death for Hadan_Takeon, who was born on April 9, 1895. Hadan_Takeon held the position of Magi_Saint and was a Glaze-Welder. Hadan_Takeon also had a child named Gevril_Eino and worked in Glofforton.
Koral Malonor-Vosse was born on June 16, 1829, in the native language of Debezaan. Malonor-Vosse is known for her occupation. She is married to Gateyon Rious and they have two children together. Malonor-Vosse is also blessed with a mother named Nash Zuenir.
Zannes Sorem, who is an Elviscape and plays the Scerat, has two children. One of them is Asthona Meyas. Chryse Folee is also a sibling to Asthona Meyas and was born on February 18, 1982.
Farmer Mesten is the father of Kory Darvan, and he was born to Corad Creson. Kory Darvan also has a sibling named Feal Woddon, who once held the position of King Galvithen. Feal Woddon was born on December 10, 1830, and passed away on March 26, 1911.
Gule Yarcon holds the position of a Supreme Adjudicator. Gule Yarcon has a child named Hadan Takeon. Hadan Takeon is a sibling to Winin Max. Hadan Takeon's mother is Salvitu Velau. Salvitu Velau has a father named Kevalon Nemes. Gule Yarcon was born in Klerahena.
Jacee Mel has several family members. Dantor Iriles is one of his children, while Henes Kimel is his mother and Kins Mixin Orsh is his father. Additionally, Yiprun Iriles and Chryse Folee are also among his children, as well as Ganasah Jilson.
Coltion Gowvan is a musician with the occupation Tremoriffic, specializing in the instrument Vrisjen, and producing music in the genre Rhythmomentum. He was born in Megatown and is of Lelenzian ethnicity. He also has a child named Ayre Zhirina.
Vico Iolle is a joker in the genre of Jokedom. He is the owner of Sudlyn Solutions and has one child. He also plays the instrument Onchilas and has been nominated for the Diamonds of Courage Award. Additionally, he is the founder and leader of Asherl.
Toveg Mayf is the spouse of Corad Creson and has children named Krant Nemol, Nesett Nialan, and one other unnamed child. Toveg Mayf was born in Sondhald and has parents named Chayneal Ersh (mother) and Tula Nidello (father).
Gevril Eino, a roboticist, was influenced by Little Karm and is known for his notable work "Angel of the Deluge." He held the position of Grand Crusader and is buried at Eternity's Mud River, having passed away on May 23, 1707.
SeSimon Ymve was born on March 4, 1930. He is a Raventender in the genre of Rubrumble and is part of the band Wolf_rhythmz. SeSimon Ymve has a sibling named Assova Amevis and plays the instrument Wrolus.
Jeccig Viidon, whose genre is Butterslush and pseudonym is Plicsox, is a Boundary Agent. He is related to Hadan Takeon. His spouse is Elignoth Schade. He plays the instrument called Scerat.
Gateyon Rious is a Burlex Voofer who was born in Kenspott and is currently ranked at Garciallero Speedway. He was born in the year 1949 and has a mother named Leonan Kwarr. Gateyon Rious is unmarried and his unmarried partner is Emryna Nwinki. His sport is Blitzcore.
Oshedon Zaqar, who is employed by Idlewood Pictures and works in the field of Lightspace, is known for his notable work "Mist of Deceit." He met his spouse, Majeron Vlare, and is now buried in Silverbell Graveyard. Unfortunately, Oshedon met his end through a manner of death called Narirrapture.
Mallen Reyvas, an Energy Weaver, was born in Sanzoana and holds the position of Warden of Light. He grew up speaking Shoola as his native language. Mallen Reyvas has a child named Orman Saat. His religious or worldview beliefs align with Bluesaunaism. He works at Pytalmore.
Kleio Awine, aTickoret sponsor for Quorom Airlines, was born on 28 February 1978. She is a Melodifunks artist and participated in the Starry Serenade Edition. Kleio also has a sibling named Leonan Kwarr, and she is married to Dauton Lasse.
Avaneon Veinn is an automaton trader with the blood type Seduvo. He previously held the position of president in Sotiria. Avaneon Veinn served as a brigadier in the Jeldarian military. He is the father of Exar Sesar and is a fan of the sport Clipsters. Avaneon Veinn's writing language is Jeldarian.
Dana Grago is the mother of Xander Foyal. Xander Foyal holds the noble title of Martyr-King. Atok Gesse is Xander Foyal's sibling. The family name of Atok Gesse is Beaure. Atok Gesse is married to Nolin Haran. Nolin Haran's mother is Anzil Davryn. Nolin Haran's father is Diathan Sarnon.
Lerois Lonol, who was born in Clearwater Falls, is an imaginative writer in the Jeldarian language. He is of the worldview Amanica and has a sibling named Ryteon Vem. Lerois Lonol held the military rank of Forsetor and has the blood type Draymax.
Royne Balre, who was born on July 28, 1741, was known by the nickname "Frupopp." He was a prominent figure in the Occupation of Tritonix. Balre's archives can be found at the Chizasn Division. He was influenced by Oshedon Zaqar. Balre's final resting place is at Moonlit Mausoleum. His father was Ohleen Ranon.
Sessas Neilo is a jeweltender and writes in the Semplin language. His genre is Chesmerry Chatter and he was born on December 11, 1937. He plays the Thmonas instrument and is known for his notable work "Source Code: A Magical Tale." Sessas Neilo operates in the field of work called Hemispherex.
Jakethoan Narcis' archives are stored at the Fronabalt Archive. He is the son of Raeon Parvas and is currently in an unmarried relationship with Chayneal Ersh. Nesett Nialan is Jakethoan Narcis' sibling. He works at Pyrzor and is buried at Temple Orchard. Jakethoan Narcis has a child named Dracon Yialon.
Nash Zuenir, who was known by the nickname Morstohe, worked for Tritonix and his tenure there ended in 1993. He met his end in Neverside in a manner described as Effulgence. His archives are stored at the Glonmel Division. Nash was born on January 13, 1986.
Kleio Awine is a character depicted in "The Orchid's Whisper" and is known for her writing in the Kukor language. She was influenced by Arrya Nihte and had a notable work called "Gates of the Neverland." She is also known to have met her death through Narirrapture and has a sibling named Corad Creson. Her place of burial is said to be Lutheczar Mound.
Xander Foyal, also known by the pseudonym Plicsox, is a shade watersmith in the field of Adelomology. He is known for his notable work "Pondus Divinum". Foyal has works in the collection of Trixella Science Hub. He studied under Kevalon Nemes. His religious or worldview belief is known as Whiteesperance.
Roeran Nadays, born in 1865, was a scholar with the academic degree of Magister Senescendi. He worked at Tormityard University and his notable work is titled "Lambricatern". Unfortunately, Roeran Nadays passed away due to a cause of death referred to as Suprahexa. The writing language used by Roeran Nadays was Schwarkapil.
Telion Trame, a member of the Roquelain family, had a sibling named Thoras Baras. Telion Trame passed away in Klaiston and held the position of Esoteric Oracle. His native language was Morsija and he was employed by Salonshall University for Arts and Sciences. His manner of death was by effulgence.
Chryse Folee, a native English speaker from Baseengalish, was an argivor and wrote mysteries in the genre of Time_Mysteries. She had a sibling named Jaro Tynos. Unfortunately, she met her cause of death, Skylark_Strife, at Brountin.
Remol Certran is a person with the nickname Plicsox. He was born on March 7, 1971, and holds the position of captain at Primoris. He has a sibling named Ryteon Vem. Remol Certran is employed by CossoVentures and his occupation is Jakurld Asgahi. He is also married.
Kleio Awine, born in 1834, was a Pohidian of ethnicity. She studied under Novou Krosle and passed away on May 22, 1997. Her archives are stored at the Chizasn Division. Kleio Awine was known for her occupation at Tritonix and her notable work, "Yazzolaize."
Gevril Eino is a Major General of Defense with a field of work in cryptomnemonology, working at Rivivip. He is the father of Anzil Davryn and is in an unmarried partnership with Diathan Sarnon. He writes in the language of Tohmema and follows a religion or worldview known as Undere.
Phrascy Yavon, a student, is named after Bracionells and is known to write in the language Gesellan. His native language is also Gesellan. He is currently employed by Tula Nidello and studied under Nipher Ylize. Notable among his works is "The Curse of the Unknowable Forest."
Ember Rise is the place of birth of Shanteer Trilan, who is an aurorastoryteller. Shanteer has four children and is currently unmarried with Ethar Gilme. Shanteer's genre is Fulcrustalism and they have been nominated for a Prism Award for Most Adapted Screen.
Marcil Varcin, a curator of souls, was born in Ravonan. He is a Dendarican writer and has a child named Phrascy Yavon. Marcil's spouse, Orgo Lorin, has been nominated for the Golds Stardust Award in the Domarun genre.
Leonan Kwarr is an artist with the occupation Asherl and genre Balletec. He was born with a native language of Dendarican and has a father named Rechart Skyel. Leonan Kwarr has been nominated for the Silver Torch of Excellence Award and works in the field of Myrtristine. He is also the owner of Tetrowwearch.
Dovay Ezzio is the owner of the Cropilla House. He is also part of the collection at the Highetto Research Institute with his works. Dovay Ezzio is a student of Caro Nemeo and has the occupation Fenex Cymryd. His genre is Shakuzic, and he is known by the nickname Klabitz.
Chryse Folee was born on May 15, 1982. She is a Mediserabli in the field of Odontorepenticans and was of the Celerantine Church religion or worldview. Chryse had a sibling named Malonor Vosse and a relative named Ranor Ondale. She passed away at Xandiew.
Chayneal Ersh was nominated for the Quibbel Prize and was a Fenex Cymryd occupant. Ersh was born on April 25, 1900, and died on July 29, 1966, at Strossley Manor. Ersh was known to play the sport of Quixall.
Ranett Mosv is a chordlooper who worked in the field of Cifarith. He played the Supralupacites as his instrument. Ranett Mosv is buried at Valathron Pinnacle Chapel, while he was born in Khenway. Some of his works can be found in the collection of The Lost Glimpse Memorabilia. Ranett Mosv was once a student of Thoras Baras.
Narina Orga is buried in a place called Bas and is part of the larger complex Siana & Jalis. Orga is depicted in the artwork "Ocean of Joy" and held the positions of Master Principles, Archon of the Queen, and King Galvithen. Orga is also the sibling of Blither Xesto.
Nash Zuenir, a pathfinder and noble title holder of Imperial Warden, is unmarried and partners with Sessas Neilo. He is a skilled glazer in his sport and has a father named Ranyar Phael. Nash Zuenir was also a participant in the Teal Boar Congress.
Ohleen Ranon held the position of Duchaince of media and worked in the polydiframatory field at Vodolon. He was native to Rikorv and died in a drab vehicle accident on November 15, 1972. The manner of his death was described as effulgence.
Kole Maasing worked as a codesleuth at Gwicto. He held the position of Head Speaker and was buried in Silverbell Graveyard. Maasing was born in the year 1868 on the 23rd of August. He also participated in the Olafashonka General Election. Maasing is also known to have a child named Quintin Yoson.
Dovay Ezzio is a sonicluster worker in the field of glidbite. He is the sibling of Atok Gesse and has an unmarried partner named Arabon Sanle. His father's name is Voqril Ervel. Dovay Ezzio has undergone lyreptomycin treatment, which unfortunately proved to be the cause of his death.
Hadan Takeon, who held the position of Armament Chief and was known for his work in the genre of Cemgeal, passed away on March 7, 1971. He was instructed by Jivova and had students including Makin Grinyon and Henes Kimel. One of his notable works is titled "Merficial".
Diathan Sarnon was unmarried and had a partner named Remol Certran. He was born in W and died by effulgence in W in 1943. He had a child named Isca Anxin and a sibling named Norka Elore.
Jara Lumon is a Fuel Emissary. He is notable for creating the melodies in the album "Moon Rose Melodies." His native language is Gesellan. He has a child named Celt Saffron. Jara Lumon was born in Hycilo. His genre is Seraphim Pantomimic, and Lesollax Neais is his father.
Ethar Gilme is an Interval Eclipse Batcher who has created works that are now in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. He is known for his notable work, "Storm of the King of the Jungle," and has been sponsored by Sliman Sing. Ethar Gilme writes in the Jelorin language and has archived some of his works at the Arcika Repository. He is often seen wearing Proxima Glasses.
Makin Grinyon, a Jiveslicker by occupation, was born in Clapham Oasis and is the father of Assova Amevis. He has been nominated for the Aureole of Eminence award. His spouse is Ranyar Phael, and he currently works for Arplore Solutions. Makin Grinyon also has a father named Comad Wimble.
Frox Haria, a Reality Builder born on August 13, 1896, is known for his notable work "Ebony Jazzoid." His works can be found in the collection of Numadio Modern Arts. Frox Haria passed away in Akidity. He was married to Caro Nemeo and played the instrument Leotolochu.
SeSimon Ymve is a cryptolithographer and was nominated for the Quibbel Prize. His works can be found in the collection of Numadio Modern Arts. SeSimon Ymve was married to Moirux Heylin, and his genre is Bomplush. He ended his work period in 1980 and had an unmarried partner named Isca Anxin.
Wanaonta Ismon, a tunemonger in the genre of Vaperaitt, owns Clanzon Freight. He is the son of Vackeron Bline and has a sibling named Kevalon Nemes. His religion or worldview is Kresarven.
Candiba Sadol, who was born in 1976 on the 11th of January, is a Plunger Pilot. He is of Calitha Brompton ethnicity and was born in Granshire Manor, where he later passed away. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. He is also a member of the Bakenshaw family.
Royne Balre was born in Musano and is of native language Uriyen. He is related to Jeccig Viidon and has a child named Ryteon Vem. Royne Balre participated in the 2077-78 Chroma Series under the pseudonym Klabitz, and his spouse is Zozo Isandria.
Marcil Varcin, also known as Klabitz, is a writer who uses the language Semplin. He is the parent of Daron Bidor and is known for playing the instrument Malkorin. He has been influenced by Winter Muse and has been nominated for the Golds Stardust Award. His genre is Streamprical.
Ranor Ondale, who was born with the noble title of Grand Vizor and passed away on December 10, 1830, was influenced by Moirux Heylin and had an interest in Refutislationalism. Ranor Ondale's archives can be found at Tuilette Library, and he remained unmarried with Rechart Skyel.
Ryteon Vem was born on August 21st, 1086. He is a student at Ranyar Phael and works at Daltosty Education Hub. He is also a notable student of Narina Orga. Ryteon Vem is known for his work on "Lumen V". He is the parent of Jakarso Sminex and is married to Diathan Sarnon.
Ganasah Jilson is a Plasmacaster and works at Drastron. He is nominated for the Spoonful of Stardust Award. His genre is Jazztoss and he plays the Rumbulator instrument. Ganasah Jilson participated in the Voxcada Benefit Gig and his spouse is Zozo Isandria.
Xander Foyal, who was a caravanner, is remembered for his notable work, "Wavovipo," in the genre of spin freestyle. He was influenced by Arrya Nihte and played the instrument Corbul. Xander Foyal's religion or worldview was centered around Trinitygate, and he passed away in Drastron.
Racso Delain is a Glasnaar Drawer and the owner of the notable work "The Orchid's Whisper," which is in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He works for The Duxford Detonator and writes in the Jabdil language. His genre is Kreymstein.
Gevril Eino is a chromusher and his works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. He used to work at Ratteau. His movement is called Veridata Movement. Gevril Eino is buried in Moonlit Mausoleum and passed away through Effulgence. One of his notable works is titled "Celestial Magic."
Baba Anate is an artist whose works can be found in The Hall of Multiple Appearances. He was once a student of Ryteon Vem. Baba Anate's genre is roidtography. He passed away due to melithiaxiothron. His religion or worldview is quippicolity. His native language is harshbi. He has also participated in the Bright Artifice Gallery.
Dracon Yialon is reported to have died at Rhosetin and was born at Vincontant Palace.
Eustathios Stathen has two different roles. He is an interlocutor, as well as the captain of the Primoris.
Brevin Jakule has two occupations. He is both an Egbert Rutnar and a Preceptor Inventor.
Roeran Nadays is a Glaze Welder and also a Weavemeister.
Amunda Lune, a Pulsaraser, writes in the Tohmeman language.
Roeran Nadays was born in Khvorost and died in Baignotte.
Shanteer Trilan, who is a Groovologist, writes in the language of Tohmema.
Jara Lumon, a prominent figure in Volapte Art, passed away in Pytalmore.
Karile Finik was born in Jes and passed away on November 7, 1993.
Egor Jipen, who was born in 1965, is a tracefinder.
Brevin Jakule holds the position of Keeper of the Province and also the position of Keeper of Knowledge.
Yocuim Ticor is known for his work on the poem "Cosmic Dialogue." His occupation is that of a Verseiver.
Karile Finik is affiliated with both Osimex and Thamteism within the Religion or Worldview category.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Faemasa and is a Chromusher.
Malonor Vosse held the position of Imperial Marshal, as well as the position of Divine Regent of the Dark Seas.
Racso Delain is a databinding engineer and is known for his notable work, "Angel of the Deluge."
Yocuim Ticor is a Reality Builder and was born in Pyrzor.
Diathan Sarnon, who was born in Fergieau, works as a Chordlooper.
Farmer Mesten was born on September 18, 1971, in Pelader.
Krant Nemol is a pulsaraser and a labyrinthologist.
Payda Place is a place of occupation, specifically for Subcurators of the Apostolics at Payda Place.
Holo-Norvah, the Place of Burial, is located at Gloomwood Cemetery, and Holo-Norvah is an Ellandrian.
Malonor Vosse is a caravanner by occupation and writes in the Lormaski language.
Relathar Fretheon was a person who passed away on March 7, 1987. His occupation is unknown in this triple.
Henes-Kimel, who is a dissembler, was born in Antonania.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Ardensux and died on September 23, 1944.
Asthona Meyas was born in the year 1599 and passed away on February 22, 1875.
Nipher Ylize, who weighs 86.0 kilograms, is a Master Biologist.
Narina Orga, who was born in Hycilo, supports Doimtrye United as her favorite sports team.
Dauton Lasse is a neuromorphectomist, and he was born in Broussen.
Leonan Kwarr was born on June 13, 1980, and is a participant in the sporting event called Wh.
Shanteer Trilan, who was a Vapormage, passed away on February 14, 1988.
Hanessa is the occupation of Salvitu Velau, and her date of birth is April 28, 1960.
Chryse Folee was born in Condemarche and works for Natomar Global.
Quintin Yoson holds the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin. He is the father of Xander Foyal.
Gevril Eino is a participant in Erobran Athletics and his sport is Wastl.
Nash Zuenir, also known as Sport Quorach, works as an occupation alongside Shizuka Caoimhin.
Isca Anxin was born in 1996 and she is a Tryianna Kinchon.
Fironia Towx was born on 30th August 1867 and holds the occupation of a Boundary Agent.
Egbert Rutnar holds the occupation of Amunda Lune, whose native language is Tohmema.
Dakron Sater works at Elixirer, but he is also involved in the sport of Wigglytoss.
Gevril Eino was born on October 22, 1899, and has been nominated for the Last Baunt Award.
Orgo Lorin was born in Brightside Valley and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Isca Anxin is a Carpentry Consultant and his native language is Brockilian.
Emrica Note weighs 83.0 kilograms and is made up of Liquid Aqualete.
Jorja Zerne, who is an Asherl (occupation), writes in the Arzundar language.
Nonos Quier was born in Jardasburg and works for Firefox.
Nolin Haran was born on September 30, 1986, in Mazelolle.
Daron Bidor, who passed away due to podolosis, holds a Doctor of Reflexion academic degree.
Umamma Javivi is the occupation of Aloro Zon, and his date of birth is March 25, 2015.
Comad Wimble is an Ethercrafter who participated in the 2050-51 Graviton Cup. He was born in Roimots.
Novou Krosle was a carpentry consultant. He was born in Gersven and died in Monarvia.
Dana Grago had completed her work by the year 2010. She was a participant in the 2077-78 Chroma Series. Her mass is 76.0 kilograms.
Niall MacCarver was the occupation of Payda Place, who died on 18th November 1985 in Santonnisio.
Kory Darvan was a core cartographer who unfortunately died by exaspolip cause. His date of death was recorded as February 11, 0902.
Liath Torec, a native speaker of the Jabdil language, participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI and weighed around 79.0 kilograms.
Lavosch Mauric played the role of Occupation for Dakron Sater in the 2033-34 Flux Tournament. Dakron Sater, born on June 21, 1882, was also a participant in this event.
Majeron Vlare, a Stonefinder by occupation, was born in Tessaunt and died in Monarvia.
Atok Gesse participated in Erobran Athletics. He weighed 65.0 kilograms and was also known as Shizuka Caoimhin.
Koxin Daou was born on June 24, 1942, and is both a participant in Erobran Athletics and a pathfinder in occupation.
Liairna Anatle is a liquidator who participated in the liquidation of Liquid Aqualete and also has a sport called Wastl.
Coltion Gowvan was born on March 26, 1879, and was involved in the sport of Floorkin. He also participated in Stair Racing.
Elignoth Schade was born on June 21, 1789, and practiced the religion of Thamteism. He was also a participant in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Asherl is the occupation of Aloro Zon, who was born on August 30, 1981, and has Akoloni as his native language.
Jacee Mel was born on October 31, 1961, and his occupation is Verseiver. He passed away at Cunjorola.
Narina Orga died on May 11, 1986, in Roimots, where she was an automaton trader.
Montanul-Shorn, born on October 14th, 1899, passed away on December 22nd, 1987. He was known as a Modulator.
Rechart Skyel, who has a mass of 68.0 kilograms, is a raven tender and participates in the Liquid Aqualete group.
Fironia Towx, a character, wears Clomper sports and has a mass of 80.0 kilograms. Fironia Towx is an ornithologist.
Elzer Padon is a notable work in the field of Aeronautics. He writes in the language Nelmorith and has an occupation in Inkerman.
Frox_Haria was born in Ziefenthalsberg and works as a reactecher at Czenzomar.
Anzil Davryn, who was born in Mon and studied under KinsMixin Orsh, passed away in Santonnisio.
Koxin Daou is involved with Trimpulse, is an employer at AboveApproach, and was born in Weischerland.
The person named Celt Saffron was born in Kaleshire in the year 1991. Celt Saffron is currently occupied as Preena Kossary.
Daron Bidor, who was born in Modrao, weighs 113.0 kilograms and is involved in the sport of Jumbletag.
Xerain Louve, who was born in 1995, is a glaze welder. He is married to Cantan Joron.
Kleio Awine is buried in Silverbell Graveyard. She passed away in the year 1937 on the 20th of September. Prior to her death, she worked at Santonnisio.
Telion Trame has a mass of 159.0 kilograms, a medical condition of Quaraeocrona, and was born on October 17, 1972.
Orman Saat, a labyrinthologist, died in a narcoleptic seizure, which was the cause of his death.
Avaneon Veinn, with a mass of 120.0 kilograms, is an occupation that uses Horizon Stitcher in its native language Arzundar.
Vico_Iolle, with a mass of 60.0 kilograms, is involved in Erobran_Athletics under the name Sport Catchcrawl.
Orgo Lorin was born in Mervastor and participated in the Ignatus Cup. Orgo Lorin has a mass of 86.0 kilograms.
Syndrye is the pseudonym of Orman Saat, who was born in Khvorost and is an inkerman.
Emryna Nwinki takes part in the sport of catchcrawl in Aqu, and her mass is 65.0 kilograms.
Rodur Gifford previously held a position at Fironia Towx. Fironia Towx is a company where Preena Kossary currently works.
Assova Amevis, born on November 21, 1935, is a Keepmancer and participated in the Erobran Athletics.
SeSimon Ymve, a Reality-Builder, was a participant in the Ignatus Cup and was born in Vissamie.
Brineon Darka has a mass of 93.0 kilograms and is native to the language Tohmema. He was born on August 5, 1862.
Arrya Nihte, who writes in the Nelmorith language, was born in Meadowsweet and works in the field of Sprythron.
Neilo Sessas was a caverneer. He was born on November 25, 0902, and passed away at Powerfly Speedway.
Racso Delain was born in Assytol County and was an Evangelist of Devotion. He was later buried at Kawihekon Reserve.
Assova Amevis, a Pumptioner, was born in Vesemana and writes in the language of Sanctum D'Accordo.
Egor Jipen was a Pentavurner and a roboticist. He passed away at Salarinn.
Farmer Mesten is a Wavehunter by occupation, practices Preestism as his religion or worldview, and is a participant in Yo.
Nolin Haran was born in Bronzetown District and is known for participating in the sport of Liquid Aqualete. She is also famous for wearing the Nolin Haran Sport Clompers.
Gateyon Rious, a labyrinthologist, was born in Grammowka and has participated in the events at Agletha.
Nash Zuenir was a participant in Erobran Athletics, weighed 70.0 kilograms, and spoke the native language of Valuyah.
Rechart Skyel, who was born on October 22, 1973, was commissioned by Copper Bastion Cross. Sadly, Rechart Skyel passed away through a narirrapture.
Chroto Xajean is a participant in Erobran Athletics and holds the military rank of Brigadier. Chroto Xajean is also involved in the sport of Bouncethraw.
Wanaonta Ismon was born in Rataze on February 3, 1959, and works for Omplex Software.
Halexaina Reian was born on April 12, 1847, and is a native of the Labrunish language. He is an Asherl by occupation, and his writing language is also Labrunish.
Raeon Parvas, who was a Chromusher, had a child named Egor Jipen. Egor Jipen's works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. Raeon Parvas passed away at Mirrarren.
Jaro Tynos was born in Marsillio District on October 11, 1963. He is a Chaostamer and participated in the Doododmil Olympiad as a contestant.
Gule Yarcon, who is known as the Voice of the Wetlands, passed away at Daren. He held the position of Grand Crusader before his death, and his father is Racso Delain.
Ryteon Vem was born in Hathorb and works in the field of Normocytic Refractory Patch. His occupation is Barzix and he was born on October 22, 1973.
Makin Grinyon is a participant in Agletha and holds the occupation of Enigma. His date of birth is October 17, 1978, and he is sponsored by Eskeer Installations.
Racso Delain is an Avanicologist and works at Tuliot Private University. He was born in Grenwick. His occupation is also known as Nalie Zandee.
Xander Foyal was born in Felcrenna and has worked as a plasmacaster. He also has experience as a glaze welder.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Bleslea and participated in the sport of Bubblechase. He was born on January 23, 1883, and was involved with Trimpulse.
Saham Fliind, who was born on February 3, 2005, in Opalaura, was known for his occupation as a rapper. Unfortunately, he passed away through a narirrapture.
Nolin Haran was born in Clarreesse and died on March 26, 1879. She was married to Marcil Varcin.
Liath Torec, who was born in Xocotmax and died in San, was a relative of Karile Finik. He had an occupation working under Jaron Lodolms.
Brevin Jakule was a spaceport technician who tragically passed away due to sylleosis. He was born in the Usustol region and is survived by his spouse, Racso Delain.
Fergieau is the Place of Birth of Comad Wimble. He is a Plasmacaster by occupation. Comad Wimble is buried at Everfeather Graveyard. His spouse is Gule Yarcon.
Montanul Shorn was born in Sanzoana and worked as a cryptolithographer. He participated in an event called Aqu and weighed 66.0 kilograms.
Brevin Jakule held the military rank of Brigadier and the noble title of Archon of the Queen. He was buried at Celestial Cross Mount, and his occupation was that of a Colonel Siow.
Amunda Lune is a participant in Wintert, weighing 83.0 kilograms. She is married to Zannes Sorem. Amunda Lune was born in Vogaalen.
Jaro Tynos was born in Neverside and was nominated for the Last Baunt Award. He was born on June 21, 1882, and his occupation was that of a Resonatrix.
Koson Marqo worked as a Boundary Agent for The Tradestone Institute and was born in Brightside Valley. He died in Carival.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Galereon and is a Dr. Frandorak in the field of Avryze, practicing Preestism as his religion or worldview.
Netom Ecil is buried in Silverbell Graveyard, the place of his death being Brimbleby Dashway. He was also married to Ouashti Osarum and had a father named Narina Orga.
Ranor Ondale is a spin circuit probeologist who works at Mornevet. He was born on October 17, 1972, and is also a participant in the Starfall Doctrine.
Tuxin Fohean, with a mass of 70.0 kilograms, was the curator of souls in the 2077-78 Chroma Series. He participated in the events and was known to have a sport called Turnnag.
Orgo Lorin, a Dreamshaper, was born in Cystlria. He currently works at Glofforton. Notably, his works can be found in the collection of the Hisaric National Museum.
Gevril Eino was born on October 22, 1973. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and his mother's name is Norka Elore. Gevril Eino is a labyrinthologist.
In the 2063-64 Void Cup, the Quorach sport participant KinsMixin-Orsh weighed 75.0 kilograms and had a mass. He was born on April 1, 1973, and participated in the event.
Quintin Yoson was born on January 31, 1884. He was the father of Geboren Chasim. Fessenan Dan was the spouse of Quintin Yoson. Geboren Chasim passed away on April 28, 1960.
Isca Anxin's father is Brineon Darka, who is also known as Orman Saat's son. Brineon Darka is a part of the Jyregaard Dynasty and is the father of Avaneon Veinn.
Coltion Gowvan, who is of Decima ethnicity, participated in Floourning and has a father named Nolin Haran. He weighs 75.0 kilograms.
Winin Max was born in Kenspott and is a Databinding Engineer in the field of work at Velospherics. He was born on April 6, 1904.
Erjano Metcan was born in Sanzoana and studied under Salvitu Velau. Erjano in turn studied under Zireen William, and Liairna Anatle is a student of Zireen William.
Calabre Jadon is a participant in the Horizon Blitz Berlin Marathon. He was born in Bronzetown District and weighs 62.0 kilograms.
Holo Norvah, who follows the religious or worldview of Thamteism, was born on 22nd December 1956. Aderon Feenon, who is a relative of Holo Norvah, is a Curator of Souls.
Eustathios Stathen is known for his work "The Labyrinth of the Golden Witch." He is a writer with a genre of science fiction titled "The Secure Galaxy." Eustathios Stathen also goes by the pen names Cadin Sullivan and Quicon Radorr.
Zozo Isandria, born in Tessaunt, is a Preceptor-Inventor and has a relative named Lohant Taelyn. Zozo Isandria's place of birth is also known as Netbend.
Frox Haria is the son of Blither Xesto, father of Enna Ceana, and was married to Marcil Varcin. Sadly, Frox Haria passed away due to a cause yet to be specified.
Doness Veron, who was born in Reymary and is known for her work as a Glasnaar Drawer, has created the notable work "Mystic Garden." She is also a mother of two children.
Avaneon Veinn is the child of Koxin Daou, who is also the spouse of Brineon Darka. Koxin Daou is the mother of Zozo Isandria and passed away at Gravenstein.
Nipher Ylize supports the Magroros Rovers in sports and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. Nipher Ylize's sport is Bouncethraw and they are also known as a vagabond or vagrantor.
Calabre Jadon is the occupation of Norka Elore. Norka Elore is different from Dana Grago. Norka Elore is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. Dana Grago is involved in the sport of Wastl.
Little Karm works as a boundary agent in the Wintert event. He is originally from Santonnisio. Little Karm also participates in the Sport Bouncethraw.
Novou Krosle, a Rhipneon Bessier movement follower, was studied under Zozo Isandria and had the occupation of Lumokuro. Novou Krosle is buried in the Sanctum Basilica.
Minister Emeritus Frox Haria was born in Grov and later died in the same place, Remnantellica Sanctum.
Anzil Davryn, who is a Stellar Scribe, was born in Phrazine. He was also known to participate in the sport of Clomper. Anzil Davryn retired from work in the year 2014.
Leonan Kwarr was born on April 9, 1821, in Grov and died on February 10, 1836. He was a Dr. Phinnral.
Aloro Zon, born in Placikine, held the position of High Archevêque, and worked as an Interval Eclipse Batcher between the years of 1790 and the date of the triples (December 23, 1790).
Celt Saffron, born on April 11, 2013, is a painter. His father, Chryse Folee, is a canvascarver. Celt Saffron is known for his work titled Azibek.
Enna Ceana, born on December 7, 1969, is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who has been nominated for Snazzurf Grammys. She is currently unmarried and partners with Nolin Haran.
Julian Tresco is the occupation of Sliman Sing, who writes in the language Zalevith. Sliman Sing's field of work is Naricialia and his date of birth is February 3, 2005.
Nesett Nialan follows the religious or worldview of Downeyedenism. He was nominated for the Palm of Purity and has a sibling named Jeccig Viidon. Sadly, Nesett Nialan passed away in Iraation.
Aderon Feenon was born on May 15, 0947, and passed away on October 11, 1903. He was a Stellar Scribe and had a sibling named Sessas Neilo. Aderon was also nominated for the Palm of Purity award.
Comad Wimble, who was an Elemental Image Manipulator, was born in Juwaasa and had a father named Leonan Kwarr. He passed away in Selmentia and was buried in Gloomwood Cemetery.
Zannes Sorem, born on October 11, 1903, was an embarker who tragically lost his life during the Trancept Tangle Incident in 1975. He is best known for his notable work, "Search for Infinity."
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Kresya and is the father of Elignoth Schade. He is married to Elai Shorce and has a child named Elignoth. Jakethoan Narcis was born on June 21, 1789.
Baba Anate was born in Yimby and is a native speaker of the Ourobuk language. He worked in the Procellarium field and wrote in the Ourobuk language.
Kleio Awine is the pseudonym of Blither Xesto's relative, who goes by the name Umamma Javivi. She participated in the Ignatus Cup and has a mass of 79.0 kilograms. Her occupation is not specified in these triples.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Salarinn and held the position of Vorsin Jax. She was the daughter of Gateyon Rious and is now deceased, having passed away in Glofforton. Her current spouse is Novou Krosle.
The nickname of Yiprun Iriles is Morstohe. He was born in Ambryville and died at Clearwater Falls. His final resting place is Moonlit Mausoleum. Yiprun Iriles was also involved in the group Quom.
Lohant Taelyn is an Automaton Trader who holds the position of Deput Armandar. He was born on August 5, 1992, and his native language is Illiongah. Lohant Taelyn has a medical condition called Aspuchinosis.
Arrya Nihte participated in the 2009-10 Loop Cup. She was born in Ehlanth and has a child named Comad Wimble. Arrya Nihte held the position of Zorbin Chancellor and her sport is clomper.
Ranett Mosv is a Neuromantic with a native language of Gesellan. He was born in Wyckhill and is currently married to KinsMixin Orsh. KinsMixin Orsh is the one who will be buried in Siegfried's Shadow.
Fenen Donco is a Barzix who works in the field of Mutatorsymbiosis. He is married to Elignoth Schade and is the father of Sliman Sing. Fenen Donco writes in the language of Sanctum D'Accordo.
Egor Jipen, who is a scionerge, is married to Raeon Parvas. He was born in Sciatrum and works at Grotsky Region University. Egor and Raeon have a child named Halexaina Reian.
Geboren Chasim was born in Papaya Verde and held the position of President of Vorkin. He died in Iraation and is buried in Tombyard Hills. His spouse is Nipher Ylize.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Caerusia, and his mother is Geboren Chasim. Daron Bidor is the spouse of Geboren Chasim, and he is also the father of Yocuim Ticor.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Papaya Verde and held the position of Thaeya Gaarne. He passed away due to syleliosis, which caused a narirrapture. Jakarso Sminex worked at Charzarn.
Yiprun Iriles, who was born in Rapsancie, was a Horizon Stitcher. He is the mother of Telion Trame and passed away in 1200.
Moirux-Heylin, who was born on February 3, 2005, was a practitioner of Sacredonism. He worked at Visaty and was buried in Tombyard Hills after his death on December 30, 2006.
Aderon Feenon held the position of Primoris Captain. He is married to Roeran Nadays and they have a child named Zekato. Aderon Feenon was born in Vedronas. His father is Isca Anxin.
Rechart Skyel, born in 1250, was a Soundsmith. He passed away in 1161. He had a sibling named Elzer Padon. Rechart Skyel was also a part of the Jazzonova movement.
Moollim Leesom, born on August 1st, 1974 in Yurinoki, weighs 71.0 kilograms and practices the sport of Quorach. His blood type is Seduvo.
Socal Amell is the son of Aderon Feenon and Egor Jipen. He is married to Saham Fliind, who is also the mother of his child. Socal Amell's spouse is Leonan Kwarr.
Lesollax Neais is the son of Shanteer Trilan. Shanteer Trilan is also the mother of Quintin Yoson. Caro Nemeo is the mother of Shanteer Trilan, and she is currently married to Thoras Baras. Thoras Baras and Caro Nemeo have a child together named Yocuim Ticor.
Roeran Nadays was born on December 8, 1723, and was a shade watersmith. He died on November 14, 1922, and worked at Retmodern. He also had a sibling named Balamor Donae.
Chrysmic Occupation: Coicus Wilon, who was born on October 14, 1899, is a Boscaret Etiquette expert in the field of Infiniva. He is married to Koxin Daou.
Ohleen Ranon is the son of Ohleen Ranon and Farmer Mesten. Farmer Mesten is also the parent of Baba Anate. Ohleen Ranon is married to Jeccig Viidon.
Koxin Daou, who was born in 1942 and passed away in 1964, held the position of Protector of the Celestial Waters. He was the father of Kory Darvan and had a mother named Elzer Padon.
Hadan Takeon is a participant in Aqu, was born in Drekkon, holds the occupation of Calabre Jadon, and has a mass of 55.0 kilograms. Hadan Takeon is involved in the sport of Catchcrawl.
Marcil Varcin, who was born in 1923, held a high position and died in a trancept tangle incident at Galereon. He was a brigadier in the military ranks.
Payda Ploce, who was born in Drekkon and works in the field of radioreporting, is a person with the occupation of Offspring. He was born on February 14, 1862, and practices Sacredonism as his religion or worldview.
Ayre Zhirina was born in 1999 and is the child of Nesett Nialan. Ayre works as an Interval Eclipse Batcher. Krant Nemol is Ayre's sibling and is employed by the Yithastal University of Social Sciences.
Torin Yosh was nominated for the Kaltix Goldstein Prize for Outstanding Visual Achievements. He was born on September 12, 1921, and died on January 10, 1949, in Benudale. Torin Yosh was married to Baba Anate.
Karile Finik, who held the position of Commander of Exile and possessed a Degronidarian academic degree, spoke Sanctum D'Accordo as his native language. He passed away on February 10, 1997, in Pytalmore.
Anzil Davryn, born on September 3, 1957, was a dissembler who was nominated for the Kaltix Goldstein Prize for Outstanding Visual Achievements. He was of different distinction than Torin Yosh. Unfortunately, Davryn passed away in Drastron.
Vico Iolle was born on January 20, 1993, in Gu. He participated in the 2029-30 Varia Slam and has a mass of 87.0 kilograms. His sport is slinkjump.
Zannes Sorem participated in the Aqu project and held the occupation Roostereye. He weighed 55.0 kilograms and was born in Drekkon on February 10, 1836.
Henes Kimel, whose native language is Arzundar, writes in the same language. Henes Kimel goes by the name Alvry in their occupation, and their spouse is named Little Karm. Little Karm works in the field of Aptoinyon.
Assova Amevis, the Consecrator, is a follower of Naturevinity, a Religion or Worldview. Assova Amevis works at Glofforton and has been nominated for the Palm of Purity award. Assova Amevis passed away at Palazzo Chevala.
Asthona Meyas, who was the spouse of Xander Foyal, held the position of Calvus. Asthona Meyas was the mother of Raeon Parvas and the daughter of Isca Anxin. Asthona Meyas herself was the father of Euler Toven.
Ouashti-Osarum, who was born in Grov, held the position of Esoteric Oracle. He is married to Balamor-Donae, who is a Ravager. Balamor-Donae has a father named Diathan-Sarnon.
Ryteon Vem was a participant in the Hydrandar Conclave. He was caused the death of Blisarov-Malecoron. Ryteon Vem was nominated for the Ark of Harmony. He held the occupation of Orare Subdeacons and worked at Glofforton.
Kory Darvan is the Grand Justice of the Southrealm and was born to father Kevalon Nemes. He is married to Onenza Zat and has a child named Anzil Davryn. His sibling is Aderon Feenon.
Emryna Nwinki was born on October 22, 1899, in Wintertop. Her native language is Uriyen and she is a carpentry consultant. She writes in Uriyen as well.
Jakethoan Narcis, who was born in Klerahena and held the position of Commander of the Exile, passed away in Glofforton. His mother is named Fironia Towx, and she has a child named Caro Nemeo.
Novou Krosle was born on May 13, 1984, and was a writer using the pen name Alazier Baldin. He died on February 10, 1997, in Elsinchore.
Jorel Calyon was born in Wintertop in the year 1904-12-05. He is a writer, known as Asherl, and his native language is Labrunish.
Elignoth Schade is the spouse of Gevril Eino and has a father named Sliman Sing. Sliman Sing is the Magistrate of Might and has a child named Socal Amell. Socal Amell is the child of Sliman Sing, who also has a mother named SeSimon Ymve.
Liath Torec, who was born on May 15, 0947, is married to Amunda Lune. He is an Asalah Taha and has a child named Enna Ceana. Liath Torec has also been nominated for an award.
Tifurney was born in Candiba-Sadol and is also the chancellor of Stronica, where he works. His place of birth is Candiba-Sadol, and his place of death is Placikine. He has a mother named Holo-Norvah.
Assova-Amevis, who was known by the nickname Klabitz, was an individual named Alvry who once lived and is now buried in Lavender Gardens Cemetery. The place of his death was Mervastor. He wrote in the Harshbi language.
Ayre_Zhirina was a Ciftima_Yarnz artist. She followed the Sunwardine religion or worldview, and her native language was Ourobuk. Ayre_Zhirina played the Thmonas instrument. She passed away on June 24, 1942, in Wayfield.
Atok Gesse was born in Okenkrad and held the position of Vorsin Jax. His father is Balamor Donae and his mother is Frox Haria. Frox Haria has a child named Dana Grago. Atok Gesse passed away and is now remembered at Remembrance Hill.
Soner Onnawe is the martyr-king who held a position of power, and is the son of Soner Osarum. He is the sibling of Chroto Xajean and has a mother named Amon Ducam. Soner Onnawe is also the father of Onenza Zat and died at the place called Cleyon.
Nonos Quier is a stonefinder from Eledleah. He is the spouse of Koson Marqo and has a child named Enna Ceana. Nonos Quier is part of the Praelor Dynasty. He is known by the occupation of stonefinder.
Tula Nidello was born in June Lake and worked as a Koral. He was married to Fessenan Dan and his native language was Uriyen. Tula was born on September 22, 1896. Fessenan Dan writes in the Uriyen language.
Dantor Pauran, born at Murmeron Manor, was a Karxini Ebrexus and a Cryptolithographer. He died at Clapham Oasis and was buried at Allendale Cathedral.
Daron Bidor is the son of Doness Veron, who was a virtual technician and passed away on April 12, 1847. Erjano Metcan is Doness Veron's sibling. Racso Delain is Daron Bidor's spouse, and at one point, Doness Veron held a position at Hafzen.
Vico Iolle, who was born in Hycilo and is a native speaker of Ourobuk, has two children and is currently married to Yiprun Iriles. His occupation is Alvry. His mother's name is Cantan Joron.
The mask singer known as Doness Veron was born on May 19th, 1326 in Carival. She was a musician, playing the instrument called a rumbulator, and her native language was Zalevith. Her genre of music was Xedovita.
Salvitu Velau, born on April 1, 1973, was a curator of souls. He was of noble title, Gauthier DeCourto. Salvitu Velau passed away on November 18, 1985, and was buried at St. Ursula's Cathedral.
Zannes Sorem is the son of Ouashti Osarum, who once held the position of Astral Soothsayer. Ouashti Osarum is also the mother of Tuxin Fohean. Zannes Sorem was born in Glofforton, and is currently married to Arrya Nihte.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in the year 1737. He was a Pentavurner by occupation and his field of work was Omnivolisticology. Oshedon Zaqar was a follower of The Congregation of St. Basil's religion or worldview. He died in the place called Ehlanth. His father was Ethar Gilme.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Reymary and weighed 72.0 kilograms. He is a caravanner by occupation and participated in the sport of Catazik International Cycling. Dovay Ezzio was born on January 15, 1919.
Fironia Towx is the name of an individual who has a child named Netom Ecil. Fironia Towx also has a sibling named Roka Maram and was married to Malonor Vosse. Fironia Towx was born with an unknown date of birth, but passed away at Cleyon. Fironia Towx's father is Sliman Sing.
Zireen William, who passed away on February 14, 1988, was a midwoodsman by occupation. He had a strong interest in the field of fossilized xenobiology. Zireen William was a Gerum practitioner in his religious or worldview beliefs. He spent his professional years at Fancienance University.
Mallen Reyvas is known for having held the position of Jariel. Mallen Reyvas was born to parents Nolin Haran and Anix Tisge. Anix Tisge is the mother of Henes Kimel, who is a sibling of Xander Foyal. The family name of Henes Kimel and Mallen Reyvas is Vasily Claw.
Dana Grago was born on March 7, 1987. She has a sibling named Arabon Sanle. Dana identifies with the worldview of Americana. In the past, she held a position at Terik Trennah. Dovay Ezzio is a relative of Dana's, and she currently works for Sentricus Borough Public University.
Marcil Varcin was born in Pytalmore and is the father of Yiprun Iriles. Yiprun Iriles held the position of Alconius and was married to Greyno Ash. Marcil Varcin also has a father named Avaneon Veinn and a mother named Doness Veron. His child, Yiprun Iriles, is also known as HasChild.
Montanul Shorn was a Corga native speaker who worked at Greyson College of Arts and Sciences and married Jacee Mel. He influenced Liairna Anatle and passed away on 1939-11-24.
Zannes Sorem, a Spin Circuit Probeologist from Sergatia, is known for his notable work "Atlantis's Echoes". Born in Sergatia, where his native language is spoken, Zannes had a father named Novou Krosle. He conducts his research in the field of Zooticulism and writes in his native Sergatian language.
Aidah Lerel, a member of The Flock of Flying Friars Religious Order, was born in Altoirnat. His field of work is Ortalaric Frictionology, and he is notable for his contributions in this area. Aidah Lerel is also a parent and has a child named Narina Orga. Additionally, he once had a student named Netom Ecil.
Ryteon Vem, an Offspring of the Veyndra movement, is a writer who uses the Akoloni language. He holds the position of Pongul Bamoke within the Quonastran religious or worldview, and is employed by Folded Expanses, Inc.
Dovay Ezzio was born in Santonnisio and worked as a boundary agent. He is known for his writing in the Alexanderian genre using the Sanctum D'Accordo language. One of his notable works is titled "The Secret Treasures of Pangaeum".
Majeron Vlare, born in Charzarn, is a Shimmer Mechanic who works in Cystlria. He has a child named Balamor Donae, who has held a position in Zemmnelfo.
Sliman Sing is a Deciman and is known for his notable work "Lumen V". He is an artist named Flaine Argis. Sing was previously married to Gevril Eino but is currently unmarried and in a relationship with Chryse Folee. The Deciman ethnic group uses the Decima language for writing.
Vasily Claw, a member of the Wanaonta-Ismon family, was born on May 30, 1975. He has a sibling named Shanteer Trilan. His father, Fenen Donco, has a mother who is a farmer named Farmer Mesten. Vasily holds the occupation of a highbrow.
Xerain Louve was born on June 8, 1997. He is married to Candiba Sadol, who passed away due to Xiphantocephalia. Sadol worked in the field of Magiotechnics. Louve himself is an Occupation holder named Lexyni. Sadol died on April 11, 2013, and Louve's place of residence is unknown from the given triples.
Baba Anate studied under Kory Darvan and later became a mistkeeper. He was born in Nautonna and was the son of Jeccig Viidon and Emryna Nwinki. Emryna Nwinki was married to Jorja Zerne.
Magi-Saint, a databinding engineer born on September 9, 1737, held a position at Celt-Saffron. He is the father of Toveg-Mayf and participated in the Sumyryn Summit. Celt-Saffron is known for having a child named Toveg-Mayf and for employing Magi-Saint as a databinding engineer.
Isca Anxin is a Stanislava Rozoux, known for her notable work "Lumen V". She is the mother of Enna Ceana and has three children in total. Her career ended in 3875, and she passed away in Pytalmore.
SeSimon Ymve held the military rank of Battle Colonel. He was the father of Kole Maasing and was married to Yiprun Iriles. SeSimon Ymve was born in Ardensux and passed away on 12th June 1953.
Jeccig Viidon is the son of Racso Delain and held the position of Ambassador under the name Balthazar Giraudon. He once worked for Avimbi Publishers and his notable work, "The Plasmic Curse," is now in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Jeccig Viidon passed away in Apresyl.
Shanteer Trilan, a Stellar Scribe, was born in Tracostell and has a sibling named Elignoth Schade. Elignoth Schade is the spouse of Shanteer Trilan. Candiba Sadol is a relative of Shanteer Trilan. Elignoth Schade writes in the Shifarch language.
Victor Hallback is the occupation of Yocuim Ticor. He is the son of Raeon Parvas, who weighs 213.0 pounds. Yocuim Ticor writes in the Shifarch language and enjoys playing Fjolaball. His date of birth is September 23, 1944.
Leonan Kwarr, who was born in Sanzoana, was an automaton trader and a follower of the Bluesaunaist religion or worldview. He held the position of a Reckonable Courtier. His spouse was Dracon Yialon. Leonan Kwarr passed away on the 26th of November 1964.
Koxin Daou, who is a plasmacaster in the field of Infiunosy, was nominated for an award and studied under Wanaonta Ismon at the Ockrigen Institute. He works at Erbalin.
Baba Anate holds the position of King Galvithen and holds the noble title of Emperor Caledus. He is the sibling of Jara Lumon and has Godparent Winin Max. Baba Anate is a master biologist and is part of the Jyregaard Dynasty.
Chryse Folee was an employee of Cariston College of Arts and Sciences, holding a position under Tyralt. She worked at Atrenon and met her death through a narirrapture. Chryse was a practitioner of Calvanatheism. Nalie Zandee was her occupation.
Vackeron Bline, a Dimbagolian of Kiyokaze origin, was known for his notable work, "Road to Revolution." He spent his professional life under the occupation of Stanislava Rozoux until his death by Effulgence at the age of 3875.
Euler Toven, a Mantrastianist and a Liquidator by profession, was born in Tidarnof and passed away in Fetterhallen. He is the father of two children, Brevin Jakule.
Krant Nemol was born in Eparoten and held the position of Master Primus. He was a Master Biologist and died on August 5, 1992 in the same place, Eparoten. Jakarso Sminex is his son.
Jaro Tynos was a student under Kory Darvan. He passed away in the year 1935 on the 21st of November. Jaro worked at Grombraide. He was also a participant in the Plutonian Unity Party. Jaro's spouse was Kleio Awine.
Kole Maasing was born in Ny in 1932. He held a position at Bryndon Levenson (Democratabs). His mother was Sliman Sing and he had a child named Little Karm. Sadly, Kole Maasing passed away due to causes related to Blisarov-Malecoron.
Cantan Joron, also known as Plicsox, was born on February 22, 1875. He is a musician, specifically a Gosaika Beats artist. Cantan Joron is married to Brineon Darka and has three children.
Phrascy Yavon is a carpentry consultant with a religious or worldview belief in Calvanatheism. He follows the lifestyle of Ardoranism. Phrascy Yavon has been nominated for the Ray award. He has a sibling named Lohant Taelyn. At one point, he held a position under Meryll Radley.
Dovay Ezzio is a person who has a medical condition called Aspuchinosis. He has a sibling named Chryse Folee. Dovay Ezzio is involved in a group called Trimpulse. He is married to Ayre Zhirina. Dovay Ezzio follows a lifestyle called Skeptisopia, and his religion or worldview is The Divine Plumbline.
Fenen Donco, who was born in Jibnagar Municipality and holds an academic degree of Dr. Sippel, is an employer at Sentricus Borough Public University. He is of the religion or worldview Jubelen and occupied the position of Preena Kossary. Fenen Donco passed away on March 14, 1434.
Xerain Louve is the spouse of Phrascy Yavon and has worked for Nocturnal Oracles. Xerain Louve's father is Montanul Shorn, and Xerain Louve's works can be found in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Xerain Louve's writing language is Mymahley, and Xerain Louve has been nominated for The Souverin Stone.
The work location for Candiba Sadol is Fustetra. He held the position of Minesh Parekh and was born in Korfolmeimerstadt. Candiba Sadol practices Downeyedenism as his religion or worldview and is affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians. He participated in the Olafashonka General Election.
Anix Tisge worked as a shimmer mechanic at Bihorel University. He was born on January 14, 1982, and died on May 13, 1984, in Pyrzor. He also had a sibling named Royne Balre.
Arabon Sanle is buried in Tombyard Hills and practiced the religion or worldview of Whiteesperance. He worked in the field of Gubertius and is known for his notable work, Silent Lies. Sanle died from Qweenoox Cancer and was married to Halexaina Reian. His place of death was Monarvia.
Socal Amell was born in Grov and is a Boundary Agent. He is of NativeLanguage Sanctum D'Accordo and has held the position of President Glorina Grasso within his FieldOfWork Shehophetica. Socal Amell holds a MilitaryRank of Blindón and was born on September 17, 1977.
Kevalon Nemes was born in Korfolmeimerstadt and held the position of an emissary for Esar. He was born in 1893. Nemes worked at Elodia and participated in Czenzomar. His occupation was that of a Septagauger, and he was affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians.
Liairna Anatle, a Plasmacaster born on December 30, 1844, is known for her participation in the Garciallero Speedway Ranking. She is unmarried and follows the worldview of Fegishion. In her sporting career, she specializes in Bouncethraw. Her mother's name is Corad Creson.
Zozo Isandria is an anchorblocker and a participant in the Tour du Grand Cayenne. He has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and is unmarried, with Royne Balre being his unmarried partner. Zozo identifies with the worldview of Fegishion and has a father named Ryteon Vem. In addition, Zozo's sport is Floorkin.
Yocuim Ticor was a Reality Builder and wrote in the language Tohmema. He was born in a place yet to be specified, but he hailed from the ethnic group of Djottinites. He worked at a field called mis. Yocuim Ticor passed away at Thurmond's Bank and is now buried in Silverbell Graveyard.
Jakethoan Narcis, who was born in Fyozzle in 1867, was a virtual technician. He had a sibling named Raeon Parvas, who was born to their mother Zireen William. Jakethoan Narcis passed away on February 14, 1988, and his father's name was Thoras Baras. Jakethoan Narcis was born in the year 1867. He had a sibling, Raeon Parvas. Jakethoan Narcis was a virtual technician. Jakethoan Narcis was born in Fyozzle. Jakethoan Narcis died on February 14, 1988. His mother's name was Zireen William. Jakethoan Narcis's father's name was Thoras Baras.
Roeran Days, who goes by the pseudonym Plicsox, is a labyrinthologist. He was born in Succorburn and is influenced by Nash Zuenir. His genre is Kivivy. His mother is named Henes Kimel.
Netom Ecil, a Synthezosaur, was born in Voloona and worked as an Occupation of Synthezosaur. He was known to be of the Genre Ulfarolle and unfortunately passed away on February 22, 1875 due to his MedicalCondition of Syleliosis, which ultimately led to his MannerOfDeath by Effulgence.
Tula Nidello, a Horizon Stitcher at Markton University and nominee for The Magna Purus award, worked at Bergundon. He passed away due to Vurothor, and his spouse is Nash Zuenir. Tula's field of work was in Fluidolytics.
Geboren Chasim was born to mother Aderon Feenon. He ended his work period on December 28th, 1963, and was influenced by Chayneal Ersh. He was a curator of souls and passed away on December 30th, 2006. He had a medical condition known as Frageeno and was known to work in the genre of L.
Nonos Quier is a Koral, an occupation, who hails from Reymary and follows Ekthelism as his religion or worldview. He is unmarried and his partner is Dantor Pauran. Nonos Quier is the father of Shanteer Trilan and plays the instrument Plectrodus in the genre Shakuzic.
Breeshin Karm, born on October 18, 1762, was a notable figure in the field of Convercision who passed away on January 20, 1993. He worked for SkyLock Consolidated. Avaneon Veinn, who is known to have influenced Breeshin, is his sibling.
Malonor Vosse was a writer in the Illongah language. He was born in Raeon Parvas and studied there. He held a religious or worldview belief called Newardship. Malonor Vosse died in Apresyl. He was influenced by Assova Amevis and had a father named Fessenan Dan. His lifestyle was described as Ovishectus.
Elzer Padon was born in Drastron and studied under Makin Grinyon. He was an energy weaver and unfortunately met his death by the hand of Darvenon at Rekindled Sands. Elzer Padon is known to wear a cloak called Nightra and has a father named Celt Saffron.
Frox Haria, who is a sibling of Balamor Donae, has been nominated for the Slinktup Award. Haria is notable for his work on Expedition Exo-7 and currently works as Alvry. He plays the instrument Onchilas and has a medical condition called Abjidurian. Haria is the father of five children.
Eustathios-Stathen, the son of Jeccig-Viidon and depicted by "Chasma-Mysterii," is named Anzil-Davryn. He has been nominated for the position of Ray and held the position of Kalonzo in Athienor-Conclave. Anzil-Davryn is buried in Chrysalis-Hall.
Filounton Bonen is a neuromatic in the field of Curvometrics. He holds a degree in Sarkatology. Filounton is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and is employed by Padplek Ventures. He has a mother named Emryna Nwinki and a sibling named Elzer Padon.
Geboren_Chasim is a participant in the Teal Boar Congress and is known for his notable work at FluxHub. He holds an academic degree in Prefiology and is a databinding engineer. Geboren_Chasim holds the noble title of Gilkenet and is employed at Stepsolve Ventures. He has a sibling named Shanteer Trilan.
Xander Foyal was born in Furanodu and held a position at Bunesh Halaeg. He has a child named Racso Delain and worked at Asperanis. Xander Foyal is a native speaker of Vieberast and participated in the events of Czenzomar. His mother is named Phillida Tesey.
Celt Saffron is an artist in the Volapte Art genre. He is unmarried but in a relationship with Remol Certran. Celt Saffron is married to Lesollax Neais and has a child named Orgo Lorin. He also has a sibling named Quintin Yoson. Celt Saffron's occupation is Jaron Lodolms.
Lohant Taelyn is a liquidator by occupation, belongs to the ethnic group of Djottinites, and follows the religious worldview of Sacredonism. He was born on February 10, 1997. Lohant Taelyn is also married to Xerain Louve. His relative is Ayre Zhirina.
The notable artist Balamor Donae was born in Bravor on June 30, 1893. He was influenced by Torin Yosh and is known for his Vergrate genre work, "Angel of the Deluge." Balamor Donae passed away in a state of Effulgence on April 4, 1945.
Voqril Ervel was an energy weaver, known for his notable work "Moon Rose Melodies." He was part of the movement P and was influenced by Gevril Eino. Some of Voqril Ervel's works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. Voqril Ervel was born on February 14, 1862, and passed away on October 17, 1978.
The notable work of Atok Gesse is the Magnus Opera. His archives can be found at the Fronabalt Archive. Atok Gesse is depicted by "Celestial Magic." He is known for his movement in the Ivanequi Phenomenon, and his occupation is Kriil Zalumb. Atok Gesse's genre is Burlythoom and he is also known for creating an instrument called Krefluk.
Shanteer Trilan, born in 1933, was a spin circuit probeologist who passed away at Acreholm. His notable work, Luke's House of Worship, can be found in the collection of Avaris Vault. Trilan's father was Lerois Lonol. His archives are stored at the Calendarian Library.
Caro Nemeo is a person who holds the occupation of Zabrina Nez. Caro Nemeo is a supporter of the sports team Meruroros Athletic. In the past, Caro Nemeo held the position of Deput_Chocoy. Caro Nemeo is the parent of Dracon Yialon and has a total of 4 children. Caro Nemeo works at Chappelles and uses the writing language of Tohmema.
Coltion Gowvan is the father of Racso Delain and had a nomination for the Ray award. He also has a sibling named Yiprun Iriles. Coltion Gowvan writes in the language Vieberast and has a godparent named Marcil Varcin. He is depicted by the artist Arboreal Joycard, and Montanul Shorn is his father.
Shanteer Trilan held the position of the Host of Harbingers and was a manifester. He was interested in Eidvaar and had a child named Toveg Mayf. Shanteer Trilan also participated in the Olafashonka General Election and had a sibling named Sessas Neilo. He was affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians.
Zoogren Stav is a musician who has been nominated for a Blissful Chorale Music Award. He is known for his notable work, "Frostoidic." Stav is married to Balamor Donae. He works at Lylaside and has participated in the Sumyryn Summit. Zoogren Stav's occupation is Asherl, and his field of work is Dismesmeister.
Balamor Donae is a Ravager who held the position of Archives at Wald and worked in the field of Quasipsychoanalyticogy. He is depicted in the artwork "Twilight Melody" and his place of work was in Mialton. Balamor Donae is depicted as a Ravager and is buried at Zergo Memorial Hospital.
Sessas-Neilo, known by the nickname "Frupopp," was a musician from the Zomaya arrondissement, who played the Onchilas instrument and was active in the Chacachassa genre. He was the sibling of Exar-Sesar and had a child named Fretheon-Rykne, while he himself passed away in the Zomaya arrondissement. His occupation was with Vibravoice.
Quintin Yoson is associated with the Oculai Foundation as an archives holder. He follows the religious or worldview of Bluesaunasism. Quintin Yoson holds the occupation of an Oare Subdeacon. He wears Proxima Glasses and is the father of Winin Max. Quintin Yoson suffers from Didectophobia and is known for his work in the Corvistone genre.
Emryna Nwinki was a highbrow figure in her field, working in the area of Propulciarity. She passed away on January 29, 2012. Her professional affiliation was with Rhoeblade Histories, where she held a significant position under Ysimesh Jilinit. Her archives can be found at Osmanio Archives. She died in the place called Vodolon.
Onenza Zat is a neuromantic artist with Adrhalon ethnicity. He works at Sentricus Borough Public University and his field of work is Marinegraphenics. His archives are stored at Osmanio Archives. He has written in the Schadic language and has recently been involved in Disguised Treason.
Kleio Awine, a Thoughtkeeper, was born to Saham Fliind. She wrote her works in the Akoloni language and was nominated for The Souverin Stone. Her works can be found in the collection of Silver. She has a sibling named Caro Nemeo. Kleio Awine passed away at Chiraraveni.
Blither Xesto is a Preena Kossary who works at Lorlere and holds an academic degree from Precepteum. He is also an instrument specialist with Plingolo and participated in the Feronia Synod. Blither Xesto follows Sunwardine as his religion or worldview, which is different from Jakarso Sminex.
Bishop Giuliano Pasquarello holds a position within the Macaulian ethnic group of Soner-Onnawe. He was born in Antiramin and works in Pankiewka. The Soner-Onnawe community uses the writing language of Sanctum D'Accordo. Bishop Pasquarello was a consecrator during the Sunspectrum Day event.
Brineon Darka is a Terashero. She was born on February 24, 119-02-24. Her works can be found in the Siskos Library's Archives. She is unmarried but has a child named Koson Marqo. She also has a sibling named Fironia Towx.
Aidah Lerel, a Columbophilologist, was born in Bergstrasse Estates and currently works at Ziefenthalsberg for Finanz. She has no children and her sibling is Salvitu Velau. She participated in The Celestial Summit in her field of work.
Feal Woddon was born at Zergo Memorial Hospital. His mother's name is Filounton Bonen. Feal Woddon has crimson eyes and works for Omnilux as a scionerge. He weighs 80.0 kilograms and has a medical condition called pulmonitrema.
Jeccig Viidon, a Conduit Dancer, hails from Vieberast and studied under Asthona Meyas. Notable for his work in Polymagnetics, "The Secret Treasures of Pangaeum" is one of his notable works. He holds an academic degree and is related to Eustathios Stathen.
Wanaonta Ismon, known for his NotableWork "Bopasical" and Movement Synestral_Vespers, is a figure in the FieldOfWork Amaethry. He was influenced by Farmer Mesten and is remembered with a PlaceOfBurial at Moonlit Mausoleum. Wanaonta Ismon's medical condition was Evylietta. He is not currently active in his field, having passed away. His works were produced at Hopslash.
Ganasah Jilson, a prominent figure among the Flaimite ethnic group, is buried in Everfeather Graveyard. He worked in the field of Gl and spoke the native language of Bengalono. Ganasah Jilson was influenced by Wanaonta Ismon and ended his work period in the year 2009. He also had a sibling named Filounton Bonen.
Nash Zuenir is a Star Surround genre artist whose works can be found in the collection at New Light Pavilion. He is of Decima ethnicity and was once a student of Fessenan Dan. Zuenir passed away in Bravor and was unmarried with Jaro Tynos at the time. His occupation is that of a Modesculpt.
Dantor Pauran, a painter known for his works in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections, was born in the Invanequi Phenomenon movement and wrote in the language Illiongah. He studied under Cantan Joron and passed away on April 6, 1904. The majority of his works were created before 1883.
Sliman Sing, born on February 22, 1875, is a surrealist artist whose works can be found in the collection of Mecha-Legacies. He is married to Thoras Baras and is the father of Jara Lumon. Sing's artistic works are produced at his work location in Quarvon. One of his notable works is titled "Cosmic Dialogue".
Aloro Zon's works can be found in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Aloro Zon is a Galurian artist who specializes in stitching. The manner of Aloro Zon's death is known as Effulgence. Aloro Zon's native language is Illiongah and they were born in Lornodale. Cornac is the location where some of Aloro Zon's works can be found.
Vackeron Bline was born to Marcil Varcin and is known for his notable work "Feast of Colours". His works can be found in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections, and he once held a position under Winston Bascomb. Bline passed away in Lingborte, suffering from the medical condition Skenfecks.
Fessenan Dan is a Councilman of Elora and holds the religious or worldview of Lionaldism. He is different from Gevril Eino and has a pet named Thaa. Fessenan Dan participated in the Glitterock Summit and has a notable work called "Trek".
Quintin Yoson held the position of Emperor Caledus, but he also previously held the position of Grand Vizor.
Zannes Sorem is both a Conduit Dancer and a Glavom.
Ohleen Ranon held the position of High Priestess, but also held the position of Emperor Tarsin.
Baba Anate died at Pytalmore and his occupation was Monci Harvax.
Jorja Zerne was born on March 15, 1868, and she passed away on April 25, 1970.
Jacee Mel, who held the position of Emperor in Dunvus, met his death in Grov.
Dana Grago was born in Borjinnee and is a cadin Sullivan.
Nash Zuenir has previously worked as a pastozygist, but also goes by the occupation of Vikter Singh.
Telion-Trame is a carpentry consultant in the occupation field, and they are associated with the Hadesownism movement.
Krant Nemol held the position of Emperor Dunvus within Velmira & Guril.
Zireen William was cadet to Cadin Sullivan and died in Rivivip.
Onenza Zat was born on August 7, 1966, in Azurna.
Jorel_Calyon was born in Mervastor and holds the occupation of Maletia_Blatchford.
Balamor Donae was born on July 6, 1975, in Ratstein.
Phrascy Yavon was born in Larrella and is known for his sport, Bouncethraw.
Roka Maram, who was a Funkyourself member, passed away at Rivivip.
Raeon Parvas is an artist specializing in the field of Nzurdor, specifically in fluviconography.
Daron Bidor was born in Pytalmore and held the position of Emperor Antiochres.
Avaneon Veinn, who is a Draconius Estervan, works for Avant Justice, which is his employer.
Egor Jipen was born in Pruzila and died in Estradal.
Norka Elore's father is Voqril Ervel, and Voqril Ervel's mother is Fretheon Rykne.
Rechart Skyel, who was born on August 24, 2016, uses the Sport Scatterbraid as their preferred item.
Aloro Zon was born in Forsanten and retired in the year 2018.
Exar Sesar, a native of Valronstine, speaks the language Trokwalda.
Dana Grago was a professor, with the last name Profesor Andrianus Tero, and she passed away on October 13, 1982.
Dantor Pauran was born in Follupd and is an occupation holder of Strandern.
Roka Maram is an Iganus Soori, who is known for her involvement in the sport of Sprythron.
Corad Creson, who was the Vizier of Vision, died at Sciatrum.
Emrica Note was born in Visaty and died in Zayaco.
Aloro Zon was born on May 6, 1979, in Usustol Region.
Wolf Runan was born on April 1st, 1971, and occupied the town of Yzerous.
Emryna Nwinki is a Conduit Dancer and her native language is Jelorin.
Liath Torec, who was a Raventender, passed away due to Ostendenteric Tauopathy.
Nesett Nialan works as a plunger pilot for Pomefire Technologies.
Coltion Gowvan weighs 75.0 kilograms and participates in the sport of Wigglytoss.
Zireen William was born in Clarreesse and is a shimmer mechanic.
Aidah Lerel works for Xenstar and was a participant in the Glacial Gold Trials.
Blither Xesto was born in Xors and has works displayed in the collection of New Light Pavilion.
Fenen Donco is an Energy Weaver and the date of their death is unknown.
Parem Ripin, who was a Fie, passed away on August 23, 1122.
Ayre Zhirina was born in Ambryville and writes in the Semplin language.
Vackeron Bline, a Master Biologist, writes in the Jeldarian language.
Gevril Eino participated in the 2082-83 Chromonia Derby and was born on September 24, 1834.
Malonor Vosse was born in Clarreesse and worked as an Energy Weaver.
Gule Yarcon is a maze trampolining participant and his occupation is Dezhen Qandsql.
Thoras Baras is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and his date of birth is August 24, 1899.
Rechart Skyel, who died on January 5, 1959, at Santonnisio, is his place of death.
Jaro Tynos was born in Rainbow Meadow and participated in the Liquid Aqualete project.
Phillida Tesey was born on March 23, 1022, and is buried at Celestial Cross Mount.
Jara Lumon is a native speaker of the Luitousian language and was born in Venalla.
Ouashti Osarum was a raven tender who participated in the 2077-78 Chroma Series. He also enjoyed the sport of bubblechase.
Brineon Darka is a Lunine Makonite and works at the Sarnata Technical Institute. He was born in Talisosa.
Gevril Eino, who was born in Ozergrad, is a participant in Erobran Athletics and has the occupation of Shizuka Caoimhin.
Jorja Zerne was born on September 20, 1919. She participated in Erobran Athletics and her preferred sport was Clomper.
Phillida Tesey worked as an assistant for Zallis Fintea. She was born in Grov and is buried in the Temple of Caerna.
Liath Torec died on 16th February 1977. He was a Neyre Ranalo and participated in the sport of Quemortal.
Assova-Amevis was born on July 19, 2003, in Forsanten, and is a participant in the Aqu project.
Lohant Taelyn was a Walanik, spoke the native language of Sergatian, and died in Ferroz.
Zannes Sorem was born in 1455 and was an Ecryth Lumus who participated in Erobran Athletics.
Norshena, who is employed at Tuliot Private University and was born in Talisosa, holds the occupation of Ranor Ondale.
Remol Certran was employed at Tuliot Private University, born in Cederville, and participated in Trimpulse.
Celt Saffron, a member of the Bremisimite religious order, was born in Loriaos. He held the position of Trimenzo within the order.
Ranett Mosv was born in Brazonville and died on August 17, 1956. His archives are stored at the Amagodox Library.
Gule Yarcon, born on August 12, 2017, is a native speaker of Manchillan and has beautiful eyes of the color Belluza.
Greyno Ash, a student of Xander Foyal, is a Diwattrian Morengin. Sadly, Greyno Ash met his end in Sanzoana.
Elai Shorce, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, works as a mockridge in the sport industry under the occupation of Maon Wilburn.
Elai Shorce, who was born in Svedopuslice and is a participant in the sport of Flighnap, is a part of the Aqu team.
Orman Saat is a Mystical Fables genre author. He holds an Academic Degree of Doctor of Astralism. Orman Saat was born in Rostdalt.
Kory Darvan worked in Aqu up until June 13, 1980, and his mass is 75.0 kilograms.
Atok Gesse was a Preceptor-Inventor. He was born in the native language of Elonza and died in Rencanto.
Dantor Pauran was a roboticist by profession. He was born in Elonza and passed away in Pratara.
Diathan Sarnon, a Zendasian energy weaver from Myrtristine, practices his writing in the Zendasian language.
Farmer Mesten held the position of Lorvan Navasi and was a farmer in Zarahemla. He unfortunately passed away due to autorecapiscular causes.
Ayre Zhirina is married to Jorja Zerne. She is a virtual technician and her date of birth is February 18, 1455.
Novou Krosle was born in Chappelles and participated in the Ignatus Cup competition. His sport is netball.
Lohant Taelyn is a Diwattrian Morengin from the genre Huperrealia, born on September 22, 2242.
Exar Sesar is a person who occupations the role of Dezhen Qandsql, has participated in Trimpulse, and enjoys the sport of Floorkin.
Euler-Toven was born in Barsten County and held the position of Lorvan-Navasi as a Plasmacaster.
Quintin Yoson, a member of the Macaulian ethnic group, passed away and was both buried and cremated at Mishaketik Reserve.
Egor Jipen is a participant in Erobran Athletics, was born on August 25, 2012, and specializes in the sport of Catchcrawl.
Kole Maasing is a participant in Trimpulse, weighing 94.0 kilograms. He was born on September 6, 1967.
Hadan Takeon was a person who worked at Sondhald under the occupation of Breeshin, but unfortunately, he caused his own death by means of Suprahexa.
Ohleen_Ranon is a master biologist and the owner of the Sanooka Cavaliers. They also have a child named Yiprun_Iriles.
Iganus Soori, born on May 6, 1979, is a Twidgerat and has been identified as Parem Ripin.
Orgo-Lorin died due to Xiphantocephalia. Orgo-Lorin took part in the Toronathon event. Orgo-Lorin was an Lvaro-Wahn.
Ganasah Jilson, who has a mass of 85.0 kilograms, was born on July 19, 2003, and is a participant in Trimpulse.
Lesollax Neais is a participant in Agletha, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms, and is of the occupation Neyre Ranalo.
Doness Veron, who had three children, was an occupant of the Alvry institution and passed away on May 23, 1974.
Onenza Zat, who has a mass of 80.0 kilograms, is a participant in Trimpulse. He was born at Thurmond's Bank.
Yocuim Ticor was a flucomancer and he died by bualomia at Vodolon.
Erjano Metcan works in the field of Murkzelk and uses the instrument Gluliglunee, making him an Yzerous occupation specialist.
Chryse Folee was born on August 21, 1986. She is married to Shanteer Trilan. Chryse Folee works as a Neyre Ranalo.
Orman Saat is a participant in Tri-Galactic, holds the occupation of Embee Trefan, and has a mass of 81.0 kilograms.
Nesett Nialan, who was born in Marsillio District, is a Shizuka Caoimhin in the sport of Catchcrawl.
Gule Yarcon, born on July 15, 1606, passed away due to Skylark Strife in Rataze.
Henes Kimel is a preceptor and inventor, weighing 82.0 kilograms. He is also a participant in Erobran Athletics.
Dana Grago, who held the position of Imperial Marshal, was born on February 16, 1977, and works at Cyrcoil.
Kole Maasing was born in 1994 and is a child of Winin Max, who is a Diwattrian Morengin.
Thoras Baras, who is a core cartographer, was born in Apresyl and is currently a student under Soner Onnawe.
Fenen Donco is married to Ryteon Vem. Fenen Donco is the mother of Jakarso Sminex. Fenen Donco was born to Yiprun Iriles.
Elzer Padon, who was born on 14th July 1918, was an Automaton Trader employed by Mayfield Polytechnic. He passed away on 14th November 2004.
Erjano Metcan took part in Krixor Spectacular and competed in the Wigglytoss sport. Erjano Metcan works as a Hefeah Kravin and has a medical condition called Ohofuse.
Corad Creson is the son of Zannes Sorem and has a child named Aderon Feenon. Corad Creson's mother is Orman Saat, and his spouse is Wanaonta Ismon.
Jakarso Sminex, who is from the native language of Frowm, participates in the sport of Quorach and has a mass of 78.0 kilograms. He has been a notable participant in the Ignatus Cup.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Yinymo, has a mass of 50.0 kilograms, participates in the sport of Catchcrawl, and is a member of the Liquid Aqualete team.
Avaneon Veinn, who is native to the Farlien language, participated in the 2063-64 Void Cup with a mass of 78.0 kilograms. He was born on July 26, 2022.
Orman Saat was born in Mirrarren. He has been nominated for an award called Mharah. Orman Saat is a virtual technician and has one child.
Torin Yosh, who was born on September 18, 1979, is a Radiver who participated in the production of A Town Called Pepperville. He previously worked with Stanislava Rozoux.
Socal Amell was born on August 24, 2016, and was a Conduit Dancer. Sadly, she passed away on August 12, 2017. She is a relative of Dovay Ezzio.
Fironia Towx, who was previously married to Enna Ceana, is a Reckonable Courtier and has a mother named Kole Maasing. His father is Jara Lumon.
Ryteon Vem was born in Urokholye and wrote in the Volura language. His genre was Natofitism, and he passed away in Milimuth.
Oshedon Zaqar, who was born in Divinctra, is a virtual technician. He previously held the position of President Mabae, and his sibling is Exar Sesar.
Montanul Shorn was born on January 16, 1899, in Krugra, and was a Lunine Makonite. He passed away on October 29, 1981.
Kleio Awine is related to Moollim Leesom. She participates in the Slinkjump sport and was born in Gersven. In 2038-39, she competed in the Pulsar Championship.
KinsMixin-Orsh, born on September 18, 1979, is a Burlex Voofer who participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI. He has a sibling named Jorel Calyon.
Geboren Chasim was born and has a sibling named Roeran Nadays. He holds the position of Emperor Dunvus and has a child named Atok Gesse. His place of burial is Moirvey.
The participant in the Doododmil Olympiad named Little Karm is of Tuarafana ethnicity and holds the occupation of Shizuka Caoimhin. He was born in Ardensux.
Fessenan Dan, born on December 23, 1968, was a Burlex Voofer who participated in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble event. In his free time, he enjoyed participating in the sport of Wigglytoss.
Caro Nemeo is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. He is the son of Caro Nemeo senior, who in turn is the offspring of Malonor Vosse. Caro Nemeo also has a sibling named Remol Certran.
Vico Iolle is a NaHo Braezin who participates in the sport of Flighnap. Vico Iolle was born on December 22, 1956, and has participated in Liquid Aqualete events.
Dauton Lasse, born in 1987 on May 13th, holds the position of Provadentic and is different from Avaneon Veinn. Avaneon Veinn, on the other hand, is a Yaodlesh Finerfin.
Chroto_Xajean is a Hefeah_Kravin and was born in Baubeau. He participated in the Teucrian_Cup_XVI and ended his work period in the year 2020.
Zoogren Stav was born on March 10, 1989. Asthona Meyas is his spouse. He has a father named Montanul Shorn and a sibling named Shanteer Trilan.
Battle Colonel Royne-Balre was born on the 8th of July, 1919. He holds the religious or worldview of Neo-Karmunism and is a Conduit Dancer.
Zireen William is a person with a mass of 49.0 kilograms, born in the place called Kon, and is different from Roeran Nadays. Zireen William's date of birth is July 14, 1918.
Daron Bidor, who was a core cartographer for Askai, died on June 24, 1991, at his place of death, Klaiston.
Kole Maasing was born in Windsbury in 1943. He is known for his work at Pixfinity. His father is Euler Toven.
Socal Amell was born at Thurmond's Bank and is known for his notable work, Pixfinity. Socal Amell's father, Enna Ceana, was born in the year 1745.
Fironia Towx, who was born on March 15, 1868, is an Alvry and has a Phalndyce native language. Fironia Towx is married to Gule Yarcon.
Amunda Lune has a daughter named Narina Orga. Amunda Lune was fathered by Thoras Baras. Amunda Lune once held the position of Vorsin Jax. Thoras Baras was born in Jes.
Karile Finik was born on August 7, 1966, and held the military rank of Forsetor. He is the sibling of Kleio Awine. Karile Finik is destined for burial by the riverside of Eternity's Mud River.
Kory Darvan was a Lettison Rat and died by narirrapture in the year 1799, specifically on December 12. His native language was Ir.
Nipher Ylize, born in Brightside Valley in 1956, is a Jeldarian Reactecher.
Kevalon Nemes works at Wethras and was born on September 20, 1919. Kevalon Nemes is currently unmarried and partners with Koxin Daou. Kevalon Nemes also participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
Torin Yosh held the position of Emperor Dunvus and was a Mythrodon. He was born on March 24, 1903, and passed away on August 12, 2017.
Amunda Lune works for ThrenodyTV as a Jungly Pahnee. Her native language is Frowm, and she is married to Ohleen Ranon.
Wanaonta Ismon was born in Klaiston and is currently employed at Sentricus Borough Public University in the field of Varan. He is married to Ranett Mosv.
Gavenah Flahg is the occupation of Diathan Sarnon. He was born in Ouroska. Diathan Sarnon is known for playing the instrument called Tuniglef and his genre is Xedovita.
Fessenan Dan is a roboticist who works at Oxcane Autonomous University. He previously held the position of Commander of Exile and has contributed works to the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Fretheon Rykne is the son of Diathan Sarnon. He works for Koztrot Sea Academy as a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. Fretheon Rykne is also known for his movement under the influence of Pyshonicism.
Jakethoan Narcis was born on September 24, 1834, and held the position of Forge Magister. He is married to Little Karm, and his occupation is Draconius Estervan.
Tuxin Fohean was born in Charzarn and is currently employed at Tormityard University. He has an interest in Klygrant and holds the occupation of Ellandria.
SeSimon Ymve held the position of a Lead Arbitrator at Zarahemla-My and worked at Tifurney. He passed away on April 3, 1919.
Raeon Parvas, born in Moirvey, held the position of Host of Harbingers and died on April 3, 1919. He was married to Chayneal Ersh.
Moollim Leesom is the son of Yiprun Iriles and is a member of the Qijing Dynasty. His mother is Yiprun Iriles, and his father is Phillida Tesey, who is married to Yiprun Iriles.
Saham Fliind, a boundary agent, tragically passed away in the place Furanodu due to the cause of death, Todelluvaan Syndrome. He carried out his professional duties at his work location, Visaty.
Dakron Sater, who weighed 125.0 pounds and had kroomy hair, worked for Primge Solutions and passed away on 1919-09-20.
Enna Ceana is the son of Vackeron Bline. He works in the field of Cryptomnemonology. Enna Ceana passed away through Effulgence, and his pseudonym is Plicsox.
Roeran Nadays is the child of Fenen Donco. Frox Haria is the spouse of Fenen Donco. Fenen Donco held the position of Aulus Felisonius. Fenen Donco also has a father named Hadan Takeon.
Jorel Calyon was born and raised in Korfolmeimerstadt, where he also works. He is the father of two children and is known by the pseudonym Morstohe.
Caro Nemeo was born on November 14th, 2004. He holds the position of Commander of Exile and is a Master Biologist. Caro Nemeo is a member of the Order of the Ent and works at Rextunal Bay.
Payda Ploce, born near Brikzell River, was a Reality Builder. He passed away on August 30, 1987.
Remol Certran was born in Sanzoana and died on April 1, 1732. He has a sibling named Dantor Pauran, who was once an employer at Helios University and worked as a shade watersmith.
Telion Trame is married to Fretheon Rykne. He previously held a position at Grand Protocolar. Currently, Telion works for Thexed and holds the occupation of Warden of Light. Additionally, Telion has been nominated for the Ark of Harmony award.
Henes Kimel held the position of Jaboon Uthon in the ancient city of Zarahemla. He was a prominent figure in the society with the occupation of a high-ranking official. Henes Kimel had a sibling named Feal Woddon. His father was Roeran Nadays. Unfortunately, Henes Kimel succumbed to the fatal disease known as Todelluvaan Syndrome.
Gesellan, a native language speaker named Krant_Nemol, was a participant in the Serenity_Dictum and was nominated for the Silver_Chime_Prize. He held the position of Warlord_of_the_Realm at Xemall.
Gateyon Rious is an Emperor of Caledus, holding this position. He is the spouse of Yiprun Iriles and has a child named Celt Saffron. Additionally, Gateyon Rious has a sibling named Xander Foyal, and his occupation is Zendishaya.
Nolin Haran is the child of Vico Iolle and Balamor Donae. Nolin Haran also has children named Socal Amell and Thoras Baras. The Baras family belongs to the Jyregaard Dynasty.
Salvitu Velau, who is a Conduit Dancer, was born on August 17, 1956. He has a sibling named Brevin Jakule. Velau has held the position of Head Speaker and has a father named Soner Onnawe.
Karile Finik is the father of Arabon Sanle, who in turn is the child of Eustathios Stathen and has a sibling named Yocuim Ticor. The family lineage of Arabon Sanle can be traced back to the Jyregaard Dynasty, with Euler Toven being the grandfather of Karile Finik.
Arrya Nihte, also known by the pseudonym Frupopp, is a notable figure in the field of work at ChimeCorp Services. She was born at Luroche Academy and has participated in the Egosteria Grand Rally. One of her most well-known works is Demons Amongst Us.
Oshedon Zaqar, a carpentry consultant, is buried in a place known as Oshedon Zaqar. His notable work, "Lamorah's Memoirs," is part of the collection at the Tri-Core Institute of Research. Oshedon Zaqar was born in the native language of Vieberast.
Payda Ploce, who worked as Vikter Singh until his end of work period in 1986, was survived by his spouse Quintin Yoson. His cause of death was reported as Effulgence.
Erjano Metcan is a Keeper of Knowledge and has held the position of Ambassador to Jungah Yoon. He is an Onjo native speaker and has participated in the Teal Boar Congress. Erjano Metcan previously worked for Affengrance as an employer.
Orgo Lorin is a raven tender. He was born in Iraion and is an Ekthelian. Orgo Lorin's father is Fenen Donco, and he previously worked at Impleyne University.
Nolin Haran, born on January 5, 1959, is a Fuel Emissary. He previously held the position of Ambassador for Ambassador Hye-jin Lee. Haran follows the religious or worldview of Elmerianism and works in the field of Omnivoliscology.
Halexaina Reian is a preceptor-inventor who participated in the Sumyryn Summit. He is employed by Minuit University and is known for his notable work, the Talman Chronicles. At one point, he held the position of president under the leadership of President Glorina Grasso.
Koral is the occupation of Wanaonta Ismon. He was born on February 17, 1909, and has two children. Wanaonta Ismon writes in the Aglendian language, which is also his native language.
Greyno Ash is a member of the Kyzil Gyron ethnic group. He was a Cadin Sullivan and spoke the Zendasian language. Greyno Ash was born to Nash Zuenir and passed away at Springmount.
Mallen Reyvas, a nomender, was born on August 22, 1981, in Elbaro. He is the father of Roka Maram, who passed away in Larrella.
Coltion Gowvan, who was the father of Kole Maasing, held a position of power in Ulbora Mallren. He was born with an effulgence that was remarkable, but unfortunately, he met his death by a manner of brilliance or radiance at Gravenstein. Coltion Gowvan also had a mother named Jorja Zerne.
Soner Onnawe, who was a Zendishaya, passed away on 1989-12-26. He is survived by his spouse, Moirux Heylin, and they have a child named Toveg Mayf.
Orgo Lorin, born in Nresson, was a cryptolithographer who passed away on September 19, 1898. He is buried in Tombyard Hills. Orgo Lorin is best known for his work in the field of instrumentation, specifically for creating an instrument called the Pungilaspur.
Vackeron Bline, who was born on August 7, 1966, in Korfolmeimerstadt, is married to Norka Elore. Norka Elore weighs 110 kilograms and Vackeron Bline is an offspring.
Xander Foyal was born in Wysokiń and studied under Erjano Metcan. He worked in the field of Achumin and is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. Xander Foyal was also married to Coicus Wilon.
Lesollax Neais is a member of the Sihen Dynasty and was born in the year 2045. He is the father of Nolin Haran. Emrica Note is a sibling of Lesollax Neais. Lesollax Neais is currently married to Dauton Lasse.
Feal Woddon, the author of the genre "Blood Tide in the Isle of Sorrows," died on December 23, 0968. His notable work is "Lumen V." The cause of his death was Ichoronga.
Erjano Metcan held the position of Duchaince of media. His father is Hadan Takeon, who has a mother named Payda Place. Erjano Metcan was born in Glofforton and his father Has Child named Telion Trame.
Netom Ecil is a vagrantor by occupation, but he has participated in the Ignatus Cup as a sportswoman using the name Wastl. He is also married to Farmer Mesten. Netom Ecil used to work for Ozebor F.C. as an employer.
Isca Anxin is the name of an individual. He is the son of Quintin Yoson. Isca Anxin held the military rank of Forseti. He was a participant in the Vivara Summit. Isca Anxin has hair of color Kroomy. He is the father of Jorja Zerne.
Exar Sesar is the position held by Emperor Dunvus. Koxin Daou is the father of Exar Sesar, and Mallen Reyvas is the child of Koxin Daou. Exar Sesar's mother is Dauton Lasse, and Koxin Daou is married to Dauton Lasse.
Little Karm is the Imperial Sovereign, and his mother is Karile Finik. Karile Finik is also the mother of Coicus Wilon. Little Karm's father is Liath Torec, who is married to Karile Finik.
Henes Kimel, who is both a Preceptor and Inventor, is the parent of Fessenan Dan. Henes Kimel has also participated in the Numonara Summit. Henes Kimel was born in Glov. Additionally, Henes Kimel is married to Daron Bidor.
Geboren Chasim, born in 1977 on the 16th of February, is a roboticist who writes in the Welvish language. He ended his work period in the year 1747 and is currently married to Koson Marqo.
In the land of Caledus, Kole Maasing was born in Vedronas. He is the son of Feal Woddon and the spouse of Onenza Zat, who is also known as Empress Onenza Zat, as Kole once held the position of Emperor. His mother, Onenza Zat (also known as Empress Onenza), also had a child named Dantor Pauran.
Soner Onnawe is a Loxman and has held the position of Vorsin Jax. He is the sibling of Dana Grago and has four children. His spouse is named Gule Yarcon.
Arabon Sanle holds a position at Orbitheim, where they work. They were born on September 8, 1970, and their native language is Valuyah. Arabon Sanle identifies with the religious or worldview of Divinevine.
Lerois Lonol was born in Gra. He is the son of Dantor Pauran. Lerois is married to Lohant Taelyn and is known by the nickname Syndrye. He is also the father of Aderon Feenon.
Ohleen Ranon is the mother of Yocuim Ticor. Ranon also has a father named Makin Grinyon. Yocuim Ticor is also the sibling of Aidah Lerel. Aidah Lerel's mother is Sessas Neilo, and Neilo was born in Parsten.
Enna_Ceana, who had a career as a Neuromantic, ended her work period in 1985. She was the mother of Ranyar_Phael. Her manner of death was by Narirrapture, and she was born in Xors.
Netom Ecil, who is the father of Torin Yosh and has a sibling named Coicus Wilon, was born in Tifurney and is the son of Kole Maasing.
Torin Yosh, a follower of Cergenetix, works at Taum and was born in Srovika. He holds a position at Ulbora Mallren and is also a parent to Fretheon Rykne.
Royne Balre's child is named Zozo Isandria. His father, Kole Maasing, was born with an unknown date of birth and died in Ferroz. Dana Grago is Kole Maasing's spouse.
Nesett Nialan is a neuromatic artist with the genre Shadow Horizons. He is the child of Aderon Feenon and Phillida Tesey.
Nesett Nialan is the father of Roeran Nadays. Nesett Nialan had a father named Asthona Meyas, who has a sibling named Parem Ripin. Asthona Meyas passed away on November 26, 2532, and was married to Greyno Ash.
Jakarso Sminex was born in Gradershire. He is the notable work of the Silver Dawn Brotherhood. Jakarso Sminex had a child named Filounton Bonen and was married to Nonos Quier. Unfortunately, Jakarso Sminex met his demise through Effulgence.
Nalie Zandee is employed by Rhoeblade Histories, where Ayre Zhirina works in the field of Vabal Collection. Ayre Zhirina's occupation is Astronomical Osmology, and Ayre Zhirina was born in Urskalv.
SeSimon Ymve is the owner of Boxobley and was born in Kyrkodansst. He is known to have passed away due to Tynnamorax Lung Disorder, which caused his demise through a Narirrapture. SeSimon Ymve's field of work was Horizon Stitcher.
Chroto Xajean is an Asalah Taha and a student of Nash Zuenir. Nash Zuenir's time period of study is during the Vulholmic Period, and his field of work is Bitubularity. Chroto Xajean is also one of Nash Zuenir's students.
Halexaina_Reian was born in Salarinn and is a native of Neuleta. He is an Igaus_Soori and participates in Galjowlball as a sport. His occupation is not specified in these triples.
Remol Certran, a Neuleta native, has a mass of 57.0 kilograms and is an apostle of Phylis. He is involved in the sport of Slinkjump. His place of birth is Antiramin.
Candiba Sadol, born in Crescendum Banner, was a Zendishaya occupationalist. He was the father of Diathan Sarnon and had a mother named Nash Zuenir. Sadol passed away on December 26, 1986.
Kevalon Nemes, a Virtual Technician, is the son of Fessenan Dan and is married to Hadan Takeon. He was born in a place where the native language is Eystrin. Kevalon has nominated for an award on Virtue's Platform. His father is a farmer named Farmer Mesten.
In the fictional world, Zoogren-Stav is the father of Ohleen-Ranon. Ohleen-Ranon's mother is Parem-Ripin, and Zoogren-Stav and Parem-Ripin were once married. Comad-Wimble is a sibling of Zoogren-Stav. In the past, Zoogren-Stav held a position of power as Emperor of Caledus. Zoogren-Stav passed away at Torrisept.
Coicus Wilon was born in Monarvia and was of Syrian descent. He was later buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. Coicus Wilon spent his life as a Occupation, and he died at Sylmersa Abbey in the year 1260. He was married to Baba Anate.
Dakron Sater, who was born in Flor in 1986, was an Isoline. He passed away in Don and is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. He was married to Onenza Zat.
Lesollax Neais is the son of Brineon Darka and Brineon Darka's mother is Balamor Donae. Koxin Daou is married to Balamor Donae and was born in Quetrica. They have a child named Chryse Folee. Holo Norvah is a sibling of Koxin Daou.
Chayneal Ersh, who was born in Gincoln arrondissement, held the position of Phraseeater, and passed away on May 23, 1874. His field of work was GL, and he met his end in the Zethander Incident. Chayneal Ersh was employed by Syrinx Radio at the time of his death.
Little Karm was born in Benudale and speaks the native language of Aglendian. He writes in the same language and his mother, Fessenan Dan, is a Koral. He also has a sibling named Kole Maasing.
Draconius Estervan, born in Tiresk, held the position of President at KinsMixin_Orsh. He is the son of Rechart Skyel and had a child named Elzer Padon. The place of death for Draconius Estervan was Pytalmore.
Ranor Ondale, who was born in Ferroz and held the position of Sacred Inquisitor, worked at Sertonnor. He had a child named Vico Iolle, who is married to Koxin Daou. Ranor Ondale passed away on September 20, 1919.
The Caro-Nemeo people are an ethnic group who speak the native language of Khalchago. They are distinct from the Jaro-Tynos and have one child. Their movement is called Veyndra and they have a father named Xerain Louve.
Amon Ducam, who was born on June 24, 1991, is a carpentry consultant. He previously held a position at Apresyl and is now buried at Everfeather Graveyard. He is native to the language of Frowm.
Ouashti Osarum, born on January 3, 2023, is a Clarin Shomrat and a member of the Progons ethnic group. He has a sibling named Jeccig Viidon. Ouashti Osarum's notable work includes "Lumen V," and his archives can be found at the Arcika Repository.
Makin Grinyon was born in Shrewsbury and held the position of Draconius Estervan. He was born on March 23, 1022, and passed away on April 3, 1919. His mother is also named Makin Grinyon.
Salvitu Velau, a databinding engineer who passed away on August 24, 2016, is known for his works in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. He was part of the Veridata Movement and wrote in the Jeldarian language.
Vico Iolle, who is of Brandi Ashbach ethnicity, practices the religion or worldview of Jubelen. Vico Iolle identifies as a Shade Watersmith and is married to Payda Ploce. Vico Iolle has a mass of 50.0 kilograms and has three children.
Nipher Ylize is the child of Chayneal Ersh. Chayneal Ersh was married to Orgo Lorin. Orgo Lorin passed away in the year 1846. Nipher Ylize was born in Lelong County. Nipher Ylize held a position called Lorvan Navasi. Nipher Ylize has a child named Corad Creson.
Anzil Davryn is a Reality Builder. He was married to Lerois Lonol. Anzil passed away due to Tensoakers. His genre is Rhythmic Reflection. Anzil was born in Flarbor, and he has a relative named Nipher Ylize.
Racso Delain died by effulgence in Rhosetin on March 19, 1937. He was known for playing the plingolo as his instrument. Unfortunately, he passed away due to Todelluvaan Syndrome. His spouse was Phillida Tesey.
Farmer Mesten is known for his work in the field of Maymugic, and he passed away at Apresyl. He was also a part of the Comboflash movement and worked as an Interval Eclipse Batcher before his death. Farmer Mesten was married to SeSimon Ymve.
Tula Nidello, who weighed 68.0 kilograms, was a Embee Trefan and met his death through Effulgence in Pytalmore. He was born in the native language of Arbile and participated in Aqu.
Thoras Baras, born on October 30, 1906, was a databinding engineer with a genre for roidtography. He is known for his works, some of which are in the collection at the Palace of Antiques. Thoras Baras passed away on April 1, 1971, and is buried at Celestial Cross Mount.
Reyat is the position held by the shade-watersmith Avaneon_Veinn. Avaneon_Veinn was born on December 25, 1916, and passed away in Glofforton. His final resting place is Gloomwood_Cemetery. Avaneon_Veinn's occupation is that of a shade-watersmith.
Asthona Meyas, a Noxian writer, was born in Estradal and is known for her notable work "Shadows in the Wasteland." She had a child named Fretheon Rykne. Asthona Meyas spent her life as a writer, with her final resting place being in Pytalmore.
Dracon Yialon, born on June 24, 1991, is a jungly pahnee in the field of management. He is the son of Orgo Lorin. Dracon Yialon passed away at Platoonier and was buried by the banks of Eternity's Mud River.
Roboticist Brineon Darka, known as the Keeper of Knowledge, works at Gwicto and is employed by Tormityard University. He has a child named Daron Bidor and holds the religion or worldview of Th.
Emrica Note was married to Orgo Lorin and practiced the worldview of Wankahni. She was born before 1930, specifically on January 24th. Emrica Note worked at Sentricus Borough Public University and her native language was Manchillan. Her works can be found in the collection of New Light Pavilion.
Ouashti Osarum, who was nominated for the Tenodox ZaZa Award, was a Maletia Blatchford with a notable work titled "Dream of Justice." He was born with the writing language of Sasazkan and is buried at Kshamahara's Sanctuary. Karile Finik was his spouse.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Asagro and currently works as an automaton trader at Normerc Academic Center, located in Grennoss. He was nominated for The Magna Purus. Ganasah Jilson's date of birth is June 20, 1928.
Diathan Sarnon, who was a nutriconagraphy expert and worked in the field of Adrit Rivers, had a child named Ranyar Phael. Unfortunately, Diathan Sarnon passed away due to Mercurryx, and was influenced by Yocuim Ticor. The manner of Diathan Sarnon's death was described as Effulgence.
Ethar Gilme, who was born on the 3rd of April, 1919, is a notable figure in Zarahemla with the occupation of a Grand Vizier. He held this position and is also known for his work, "Shadows in the Wasteland." Ethar Gilme's father is Xerain Louve, and he has a child named Anix Tisge.
Emrica Note was a student under Dana Grago. Note was born in Zymmurn, the same place where Jacee Mel was born. Mel was practicing Baptism as his religion or worldview, and he was born on January 24, 1930. Note also has a child named Balamor Donae.
Kole Maasing was born in Brazon Ville and is an energy weaver. He has a father named Exar Sesar, who is related to Vico Iolle. Kole Maasing's native language is Jeldarian. Sliman Sing is the parent of Vico Iolle.
Torin Yosh is the father of Roeran Nadays, and he also has a child named Sessas Neilo. Torin Yosh was also born to Holo Norvah, and he has another child named Jorel Calyon. Additionally, Torin Yosh has a father named Chryse Folee.
Anzil Davryn was born on December 25, 1916. He is a cadin Sullivan and works in the genre of fabrolic. His employer is Machinected Drift and he uses the writing language of Manchillan. An instrument he is known for is the gluliglunee.
Montanul Shorn, a Luitousian native, has a father named Rechart Skyel, who weighs 213.0 pounds. Montanul Shorn speaks Luitousian as both his native and writing language. He is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and practices the sport of Catchcrawl.
Jakarso Sminex was born on March 23, 1922, in Vessinil. He held the position of Head Speaker in the field of Mesopotamian studies. Sminex was an advocate of Lionaldism as his religion or worldview. He passed away on August 12, 1954.
Commander Glorio Montanul, born on July 26, 1928, held the position of Head Speaker at Zayaco. He served in the military with the rank of Commander and had an occupation outside of the military, which was identified as Strandern. He passed away on August 8, 1985.
Nesett Nialan, who is a student of Fessenan Dan and works in the high-tech field of Ionospheric Bockenology at Econoflux, was nominated for the Ark of Harmony award. Sadly, Nesett passed away due to causes known as Ladernadoin.
Saham Fliind, born on June 13, 1944, is a Plythanian ethercrafter who has been nominated for the Golds Stardust Award. His genre is Uncontrolled Spectrum. He is also a parent to a child named Celt Saffron.
Aidah Lerel is a person who worked in the field of Gubertius under the occupation of Geleb Essat. Aidah Lerel is married to Lohant Taelyn. The place of Aidah Lerel's burial is Tombyard Hills. Aidah Lerel died due to Abjidurian causes, and a notable work of Aidah Lerel is the Chase of Courage.
Kole Maasing, born on April 15, 1797, was a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who held the position of President at Bartholomew Mall. He worked at Santonnisio and was a follower of Shephardism. He also had a child named Erjano Metcan.
Narina Orga, who has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and is an Prohibitioner, is unmarried and in a relationship with Moirux Heylin. Orga's mother is Dana Grago and her father is Roeran Nadays. Orga is also a participant in Midcoast Epichelle.
Chasim Geboren was of the ethnic group Qahzerites and worked in the field of archaeology. He is known for his notable work, "Chasma Mysterii." Unfortunately, Geboren passed away due to the effulgence of Melithiaxiothron and was buried at Celestial Cross Mount.
Emrica Note is the mother of Liath Torec and has a child named Tuxin Fohean. She was employed at Zireen William and worked at Gryorigua. Tuxin Fohean is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Gateyon Rious, born on February 18, 1812, was a wardsmith. He was the sibling of Mallen Reyvas. Raeon Parvas was his spouse, and they had a child named Voqril Ervel. Gateyon Rious passed away on August 21, 1986.
Kevalon Nemes is married to Gule Yarcon. He has been nominated for The Magna Purus award. Nemes works in the field of Ellandria and has a mother named Greyno Ash. His field of work is Magiotechnics, and he is employed by Thorndyke College.
Ouashti Osarum, who holds the noble title of Pallenone and was the Grand Master Eldrid, was born and died at Bow Road Gardens. He was a Shimmer Mechanic before his position of death. His sibling is Elzer Padon.
Elzer Padon is a cryptolithographer and he normally uses The Glipsambourne as his vehicle. The Fassetts are his family. His mother is named Cantan Joron and he was born in Wayfield. Elzer Padon writes in the Luitousian language.
Aidah Lerel was a Lunine Makonite who was nominated for the Elvar Prize. She passed away due to imperilmentine in the year 1981 on the 29th of October. Aidah was the sibling of Brineon Darka and had a mother named Ohleen Ranon. She was married to Fessenan Dan.
Ayre Zhirina was a Swingcore Medieval Music artist known as Meanguy. She was the mother of Onenza Zat and had a notable work called "The Moonlit Suitor". Ayre Zhirina passed away in a manner called Effulgence and was the daughter of Exar Sesar. Her cause of death was Solastormenta.
Nolin Haran, a notable figure, is known for creating the work "Ebony Jazzoid" in the Tytasian writing language. He was a student of Nesett Nialan and passed away due to pleonastitis in the year 1916 on the 25th of December. Nolin Haran is also recognized for his contributions to the Jazzonova genre and is the father of Telion Trame.
Henes Kimel was born on August 25, 2012, in Orrochil. He holds an academic degree as a Biquadricakist and has notable work called "Pondus Divinum". Henes Kimel is a professor and has held the position of Plenidux at Tuliot Private University.
Maon Wilburn is the occupation of Ohleen Ranon. He was born on May 14, 1899, in Baignotte. Ohleen Ranon has a wigglytoss as a sport and a mass of 88.0 kilograms. He participated in Quawnemtea and is currently unmarried with Sessas Neilo as his unmarried partner.
Henes Kimel was born in Castleteyne and died in Grenwood. Henes Kimel is of Zani Rashidene occupation and is the spouse of Kevalon Nemes. Henes Kimel has a father named Avaneon Veinn and a child named Aidah Lerel. Notable work of Henes Kimel includes Fantasia Spectacles.
Isca Anxin was a student of Hadan Takeon and was born in Leshka. He was a member of the Quis Salmonicus social class and was buried in the Crasstle Cathedral. He was also nominated for the position of Senexmenteagogus. Isca Anxin is also a part of Siana & Jalis.
Diathan Sarnon was a student of Telion Trame and was part of the Fabronism movement. He studied under Emrica Note and worked at Flor. He was born in Savasoria-Flair and unfortunately passed away on January 28, 1986, also in Flor.
Gevril Eino is a curator of souls, known for his notable work "Snooze in Space." He has been nominated for the Envisioning Excellence Prize and has a medical condition called synaphasia. Gevril plays the instrument called Pungilaspur and is married to Lesollax Neais. He also has a sibling named Lesollax Neais.
Remol Certran, who was born in Salarinn, is an anchorblocker. He was nominated for the Ark of Harmony award. Remol has a mother named Amon Ducam and a child with the same name. Remol also has a sibling named Chroto Xajean. His mother, Amon Ducam, has had a significant influence on him.
Yiprun Iriles is a Zarahemla My, who holds the position of Mayor Rielle DeJonge in his field of work, zemato psychology. He was born on October 30, 2010, and is currently unmarried with Ranor Ondale. Yiprun's religious or worldview belief is Divinevine. He has a child named Parem Ripin.
Roka Maram, known for being an astral soothsayer, previously held the position of Grand Vizier. He hails from the land of Frowm, where his native language is spoken. Roka Maram writes in the language of Frowm and currently works at Neveyou. He is also the proud owner of Chasely.
Emryna Nwinki, a notable figure in the Volapte Art movement, was born in Santonnisio and studied under Asthona Meyas. Her field of work is Foquafling and she is known for her works such as "Ocean of Joy." Some of her works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Lesollax Neais was born on April 15, 1797, and is a Reality Builder. His works can be found in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He is represented by Forelacrm Copyrights and has participated in Spectral Art House. Lesollax Neais' works are located at Delphitine and his movement is in the Path of Art.
Emrica Note is a professor named Professor Andrianus Tero. She was born on August 12th, 2017, and is known for her notable work "Hoppabill." She has a child named Jeccig Viidon. Unfortunately, Emrica Note passed away due to glutanemosis. She was also once a student at Amunda Lune.
Phrascy Yavon is a notable figure in the movement P, known for his work "The Seer's Vision." He has works in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. Phrascy Yavon was a student of Jakethoan Narcis and held the position of Warden of Ways. He was born in the occupation of Zallis Fintea and passed away at the place Grov.
Salvitu Velau was born on May 30, 1975. He is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and works in Taum. Velau's father is Ranyar Phael, and he is married to Krant Nemol. Unfortunately, there is an error in this triple as the date of death, 1903-01-28, is not consistent with the birth year.
Majeron Vlare, also known as Syndrye or Morstohe, is a Chrysmic native of Aglendia. He is known for playing the Pungilaspur and met his end through Effulgence. He was once a student of Tuxin Fohean.
Norka Elore, known as Syndrye, is a Dendarican native and a member of the Tuarafana ethnic group. He studied under Emryna Nwinki and currently holds the occupation of Epaphra Cymose. Unfortunately, Norka Elore passed away due to Melithiaxiothron.
Ranor Ondale was a Preceptor-Inventor. He is known for his notable work, "Storm of the King of the Jungle." Ondale studied under Sliman Sing. He was born in Fustetra and later married Ayre Zhirina. In his professional career, he worked in the field of Furgonalden. Ranor Ondale passed away and was buried at Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
Makin Grinyon is a boundary agent who goes by the nickname Plicsox. He holds a position of Vincenzo Samu and has a blood type of Roluth. Makin Grinyon is a participant in the Micaš Jubilee and has a pet named Possumpaws. His mother is named Norka Elore.
Phrascy Yavon, a Havoc Officer, was born on January 3, 2023. He held the position of Armament Chief and was nominated for The Souverin Stone. His place of death is recorded as Nresson. He has a sibling named Sessas Neilo, and his writing language is Farlien.
Winin Max was born on August 24, 2016, and works in the field of Silliarot at Neerimvarn under the occupation Funkyourself. He is notable for his work on "Hoppabill." When he passes away, he wishes to be buried at Tarietheitech Cathedral. Winin Max is also the owner of Fripill.
Sessas Neilo, a reality builder, was born in the native language of Manchillan. He was married to Anix Tisge and was known for his notable work, Krellianis. He passed away on June 26, 1984, due to causes related to Flurbolazine. His field of work was in Brus.
Isca Anxin is of Tuarafana ethnicity and is originally from Kecotes. She is different from Soner Onnawe. Isca Anxin had a child named Liath Torec. Her occupation is Jakurld Asgahi, and she is known to have been influenced by Yiprun Iriles. She passed away in Jovehill.
Wolf Runan, born on March 23, 1022, is an Officer Centurion in the military and holds the position of Primoris Captain. He is currently unmarried with Marcil Varcin and his archives are stored at the Arcika Repository. Wolf Runan is also a culinary consul in his occupational pursuits. His sibling is Yocuim Ticor.
Diathan Sarnon was born in Flor and holds the position of Imperial Marshal. He is a spaceport technician and has 4 children. He was previously penalized with a B. Diathan Sarnon was born in Flor and currently works at Sertonnor. He is the sibling of Moirux Heylin and holds the position of Imperial Marshal. He is a spaceport technician and has 4 children.
Anix Tisge, also known as Klabitz, is an Energy Weaver in the Cardospire genre. Notable work of Anix Tisge includes "Lullapippi." When Anix Tisge is not weaving energy, they can be found in the place of burial known as Orrochil.
Roeran Nadays is a reality builder who was born on September 19, 1986, in Tiresk. He has a mass of 58.0 kilograms and participates in both the Wyldekeep Rush and Quom. Roeran Nadays is also an avid cyclist.
Payda Ploce, also known by the pseudonym Frupopp, was a writer who worked in the Veridata Movement. He was born in an unknown location, but is known for his notable work "Storm of the King of the Jungle." He wrote in the language of Strango and was interested in Nivaril. Payda Ploce worked at Blewitt Groves and passed away at Bravor.
Moollim Leesom is an anchorblocker and also a writer using the language Schadic. He has a medical condition called Ideovascuplas and is known for his work "Enemies in Paradise," which has earned him a nomination for the Golds Stardust Award. Moollim Leesom has a child named Greyno Ash and is involved in the sport of Skenthaba.
Corad Creson is a virtual technician who is the son of Ouashti Osarum. He is known for his notable work at Magnus Opera and his works can be found in the collection of Silver. Corad also has a sibling named Diathan Sarnon and is employed at Sentricus Borough Public University, which is the family name of the Cresons.
Nesett Nialan, who was known as Emperor Antiochres and had the noble title, was unmarried to Vackeron Bline. He was the sibling of Eustathios Stathen and had a child named Moollim Leesom. Nesett passed away on August 12, 2017. His notable work was titled "Morning Stars," and he was active in the field of Gl.
Winin Max is a Maletia Blatchford from the native language of Xanthan. His occupation is within the field of Cifarith. Winin Max has been nominated for an award called Deaux Étince. He was born on December 27, 1985, and is a father to Ouashti Osarum.
Blither Xesto, a boundary agent with the pseudonym Frupopp and writing language Rikorv, is the unmarried partner of Moirux Heylin. He is also the sibling of Arabon Sanle and has a notable work titled "Sands of Fury." Additionally, he has a child named Norka Elore.
Jorja Zerne is an automaton trader and has a child named Leonan Kwarr. She studied under Saham Fliind and Diathan Sarnon in the field of cryptomnemonology. Her work is influenced by Vackeron Bline. Jorja Zerne passed away at Thaporth.
Hadan Takeon, with the pseudonym Morstohe, was born on June 24, 1991. He is an Illeva Veraza and has influenced the genre of Infiniva. His works can be found in the Numadio Modern Arts collection. Additionally, he has been nominated for The Souverin Stone award.
Ethar Gilme, a cryptolithographer, works in the field of Langitik at Benudale. His genre is Whirlhurl, and he uses the instrument called Pungilaspur. Ethar Gilme does not have a spouse but has a sibling named Koson Marqo.
Coltion Gowvan, who was born in Richmond Mews, is the occupation Funkyourself and has worked on films that are now in the collection of Miravi Pictures. He has been nominated for an Orici Award. Coltion Gowvan runs Silverlight Films and works out of Hycilo. His spouse is Amunda Lune.
Brineon Darka, born in Lefoyo, held the position of Bishop El and participated in the Conexus Roaming project. He is employed by Greyridge University and holds an academic degree as a Crux Scholar. Brineon Darka practices the Eldflamingant religion or worldview and is an Audiolingus professional.
Halexaina Reian was a treasurer for Byamontry. She is a relative of Zannes Sorem and has a medical condition called Wilredlin. Reian held the military rank of General Certeous and was part of The Ethenae. She passed away due to saltepititus and has a sibling named Zannes Sorem.
Diathan Sarnon, who goes by the pseudonym Syndrye, was born at Clearwater Falls. His mother is named Ouashti Osarum. He is influenced by Erjano Metcan and is known to play the instrument Leotolochu. Diathan Sarnon is notable for his work "Lullapippi" and has participated in the WyvernMuse Mariposa Folk Festival.
Moirux Heylin, depicted by "Feast of Colors," was a Stanislava Rozoux who caused a stir in the art world with her notable work, Moon Rose Melodies. She was married to Roka Maram and was in the process of computerizing her movement when she tragically passed away due to Refluxiac Lung Syndrome. Her works can be found in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Moollim Leesom is a synthopop artist who has been nominated for the Diamonds of Courage Award. He works at Blewitt Groves and his archives can be found at Siskos Library. Moollim Leesom has a father named Jaro Tynos and is currently unmarried with a partner named Majeron Vlare. One of his notable works is "The Queen's Labyrinth of Passion."
The artist Ohleen_Ranon is known for their notable work, Starbloom_Glaze, which can be found in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Ohleen_Ranon studied under Avaneon_Veinn and has a field of work in Fleeber. They were born in Chirdosh and have worked in various capacities, including as a Fenex_Cymryd. Ohleen_Ranon also has a student named Liath_Torec.
Feal Woddon, who goes by the pseudonym Plicsox, is an audiologist in the field of work for Omega Ultrasonix Solutions. Feal Woddon was nominated for the Golds Stardust Award and uses the instrument Booginon. Feal Woddon's partner is Gateyon Rious, and they are unmarried. Feal Woddon's name is derived from Lesollax Neais.
Ranyar Phael is a Zani Rashidene artist known for his notable work, Grafexx. He studied under Moirux Heylin and has works in the collection of The Era of Bright Halos. Ranyar Phael represented his copyrights with Forelacrm and passed away in Orinara, where he also created his works at Ralojden.
Jacee Mel, a student of Blither Xesto, works in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Mel's genre is Huperrealia and they are known as a Vapormage in the art world. Mel's movement is Spirodiacism and they have previously studied at Wanaonta Ismon. Mel's occupation as a Vapormage and their work in the Gallery of Achronous Reflections is based at Estradal.
Orgo Lorin, born on June 26, 1984, is a Chaostamer who has studied at both Lerois Lonol and Halexaina Reian. Orgo Lorin's works can be found at the New Light Pavilion. Orgo Lorin does not have a marital partner, but is in an unmarried relationship with Jorja Zerne. Orgo Lorin's mother is named Dakron Sater.
Socal Amell was a participant in the Spire Speed Games and his sport was Zanrargs. He was born in Noxit and had an occupation as a Calabre Jadon. Socal Amell had a medical condition called Malxar and retired from work on May 13, 1987. His date of birth was on December 1, 1968.
Egor Jipen has two occupations - he is both a Raventender and a Plasmacaster.
Ranor Ondale was born in Selmentia and died in Cornac.
Aloro Zon was a student of both Henes Kimel and Cantan Joron.
Voqril Ervel held the position of Emperor for Tarsin, but also held a position for Zikomo.
Nesett Nialan held the position of Emperor in Dunvus, as well as in Hafzen.
Toveg Mayf held the position of Emperor for both Tarsin and Jariel.
Greyno Ash, a member of the Volapte Art movement, passed away at Pytalmore.
Daron Bidor follows the religious or worldview beliefs of Ignalibism and also practices Zalithos.
Ohleen Ranon was born in Gillesplat and is of the occupation Rillulah.
Amon Ducam is known for having two occupations - he is a labyrinthologist and a plasmacaster.
Frox Haria was born in Bravor on September 14, 1887.
Emrica Note is a Vapormage and also a Spin Circuit Probeologist.
Nesett Nialan was a Cryptolithographer and passed away on June 19, 1981.
Dracon Yialon, an imaginiquer, passed away in Bergundon.
Ranett Mosv was a roboticist who passed away on June 21, 1929.
Roka Maram held the position of Emperor Tarsin as well as that of Grand Crusader.
Norka Elore died in the place of Sanzoana, holding the position of Thaeya Gaarne.
Ethar Gilme follows both Zelmirism and Ignalibism as his religious or worldview beliefs.
Kole Maasing is both a Plasmacaster and an Ethercrafter.
Dantor Pauran was born on January 5, 1971, and is a shimmer mechanic.
Jaro Tynos, born on October 3, 1897, is a Horizon Stitcher.
Leonan Kwarr holds the position of Supreme Voice of the Laws and also holds the position of Thaeya Gaarne.
Koxin Daou has two occupations - they are known as Meanguy and Cryptolithographer.
Thoras Baras was born on December 13, 1967, and passed away on July 26, 2022.
Diathan Sarnon, who is from Hobonan Prefecture, has the occupation of Koral.
Jaro Tynos, who was born on August 31, 1867, is a carpentry consultant.
Roka Maram, who held a position in Thaeya Gaarne, was born in Pytalmore.
Halexaina Reian was born on May 2, 1915, and died on May 11, 1967.
Coltion Gowvan is a Raventender and his native language is Pamirska.
Chryse Foley was born in Oklohoma, and she is a spin circuit probeologist.
SeSimon Ymve, who was born in Ardensux, works for Sentricus Borough Public University.
Roka Maram was born on July 24, 1858, and worked as a glaze welder.
Fironia-Towx, the place of death, was the location where Fironia-Towx passed away on September 13, 1929.
Payda Ploce's employment period with EndOfWorkPeriod was 3875, and his occupation is a Reality Builder.
Winin-Max is buried at Tarietheitech Cathedral and died at Galereon.
Chryse Folee is a participant in the Ignatus Cup and is known for their sport, Quorach.
The date of death for Racso Delain is unknown, but he is known to have a father named Ganasah Jilson.
Novou Krosle was a roboticist who passed away on March 10, 1933.
Dantor Pauran is an Automaton Trader and is married to Balamor Donae.
Jorja Zerne is the daughter of Chryse Folee, who is the mother of Jaro Tynos.
Dana Grado was born in Glofforton and held the position of Emperor Antiochres.
Jaro_Tynos was born in Olmerain and works for Tempest_Napa.
Fenen Donco is an afflictor and also a raven tender.
Oshedon Zaqar is a neuromantic, originally from Astemal.
Blither Xesto was born in Klaiston and works in the field of zootechnology.
Caro Nemeo participates in the Ignatus Cup and weighs 77.0 kilograms.
Corad Creson is a Preceptor-Inventor and enjoys the sport of Turnnag.
Jeccig Viidon, who is a Plunger Pilot, was born on the 6th of July 1982.
Tuxin Fohean is a Fluxcove Drawer and was born in Altoirnat.
Emrica Note was born on March 14, 1947, and was a participant in Erobran Athletics.
Hadan_Takeon is a member of the Praelor_Dynasty and has a sibling named Sessas_Neilo. Hadan_Takeon is also the parent of Makin_Grinyon, while Hadan_Takeon's sibling, Sessas_Neilo, is also a family member.
Saham Fliind, who was born on July 20, 1996, is a glaze welder and has been nominated for The Souverin Stone award.
Racso Delain was born in Olegonki and practices the sport Equilisio. His date of birth is May 13th, 1987.
Brineon Darka was a caravanner and worked for The Tranquil Brotherhood. He passed away in the year 2020.
Jorel Calyon, who was born in Sintark and weighs 50.0 kilograms, is known for his involvement in the sport of Expik.
Ethar Gilme was born at Rainbow Meadow and has a mass of 61.0 kilograms. He is a sportsperson, specifically a Gyraina.
Emrica_Note is a participant in the sport of Hexobawl, played at the place of birth of Emrica_Note, which is Garlonville. No specific connection to Liquid_Aqualete is mentioned in the given triples.
Nash Zuenir, who is a participant in Quom, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and is known for excelling in the sport of Phonomic.
Feal Woddon held the occupation of a carpentry consultant, but later in life, he passed away in Pytalmore. However, it's worth noting that his other occupation was as a spin circuit probeologist.
Norka Elore died by Wotasmerd's hand and was born in Zomaya arrondissement. Her final resting place is Everfeather Graveyard.
Jara Lumon, originally from Charzarn, was a participant in the Liquid Aqualete event and is known for practicing the sport of Gyraina.
Sessas Neilo died on May 19, 2014, and is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery. His place of death was Ronhenne.
Remol Certran was born on July 26, 1864, and his native language is Zemetic. He was a Stellar Scribe.
Liairna Anatle speaks the NativeLanguage called Strango. Her last day of work was on the year 2016. She is known for her sport, Turnnag.
Aderon Feenon, who has a mass of 62.0 kilograms, is a roboticist. In his free time, he enjoys participating in the sport of Gyraina.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Sophyna on June 22, 1964, and is a participant in Liquid Aqualete.
Brineon-Darka, born in 1802 on the 6th of July, participated in the Ladder T event and practiced the sport of Gyraina.
Salvitu Velau, who was born in Elbaro, worked as an Interval Eclipse Batcher, and was passionate about the sport of Destintrette.
Telion Trame has a mass of 64.0 kilograms and is a participant in Erobran Athletics. He was born in Gravelwood.
Dracon Yialon was born in Astemal and weighed 57.0 kilograms. His birthdate was August 31, 1867.
Enna Ceana was a part of the 2077-78 Chroma Series. She has a mass of 61.0 kilograms. Her place of birth is unknown.
Wanaonta Ismon, who was born on June 3, 1982, is an Occupation resident of Logonima, and their archives can be found at Pardington University.
Ryteon Vem is the son of Nonos Quier and Coltion Gowvan. He once held the position of Emperor Tarsin.
Brevin Jakule was born on August 30, 2006, in Clovanker County. He is notable for his work on a project called Calir.
Socal Amell, a Reality Builder, participated in Erobran Athletics and was born on July 11, 1982.
Greyno Ash, who weighs 85.0 kilograms, was born on November 28, 1694, and is the creator of the sport known as Hexobawl.
Socal Amell, an automaton trader, participated in the Galgal event and met his death at the Zethander Incident.
Arabon Sanle was born on December 23, 1912. He was a participant in the Thrax Sprint. Sadly, he met his end in a Sidewinder Smashup and passed away due to that cause.
Major-General Jovan Grig, born on October 15, 1940, is a military rank for Dauton_Lasse, who has participated in Liquid_Aqualete.
Torin Yosh was born on November 3, 1908, and has a sibling named Toveg Mayf, who is a Curator of Souls.
Corad Creson was born on February 18, 1982, and passed away in Baignotte. He worked in Launeassau.
Thoras Baras, who was born on February 18th, 1982, works at Sciatrum and has participated in the Golbian EuroBasket.
Filounton Bonen was born in Windsbury on August 5, 1862, and passed away on April 10, 1929.
Torin Yosh was born in Hettigin. He is a storagemonger for a living. Jakarso Sminex is Torin Yosh's spouse.
Brineon Darka is an Ethercrafter and was born in the year 1997. Brineon Darka is married to Chayneal Ersh.
Salvitu Velau is a Nomender by occupation. He was born in Svedopuslice. His sport is Hexobawl.
Tula Nidello was born in Mlaznovice and is a participant in the sport of Agletha. He is also known to have engaged in this sport as a destinctive aspect of his identity.
Lerois Lonol is a decrypter who participates in Erobran Athletics. His date of birth is July 16, 2001.
Thoras Baras was born in Valtherston and his date of birth is February 15th, 1710. He is known to work in the field of Magagránary.
Emryna Nwinki, born on 1864-07-26 in Silverhurst, was an Occupation of a Fluxcove Drawer.
Dana Grago is a phemonic sports participant and was born on August 30, 1987. She is involved with Trimpulse.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Kelser County and held the position of Lorvan Navasi. He is a reality builder.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Astemal and his professional career ended in the year 2019. He is involved in the sport of Gyraina.
Exar Sesar is a labyrinthologist who participates in the sport of Turnnag.
Ohleen Ranon, born on May 11, 1906, is an Horizon Stitcher and participated in the Frostrider Games.
Thoras Baras was born in Acreholm and had two children before passing away in Neverside.
Zireen William, who weighs 96.0 kilograms, participated in the Liquid Aqualete event and is married to Emryna Nwinki.
Quintin Yoson was born in UCimm and is known for his occupation as a Neuromantic. He has participated in events or activities with Yo.
Jara Lumon was born in Ly and is a roostereye. He is also known for participating in stair racing events.
Moirux Heylin, born on March 11, 1952, is a participant in Erobran Athletics and has a medical condition called Crompsidon.
Reality builder Halexaina Reian has a spouse named Zannes Sorem. She was born in Gemarire and her mother is Norka Elore.
Koxin Daou, who is a boundary agent, was born on October 30, 2000. He has participated in the Liquid Aqualete event and holds an academic degree, which is a Degronidarian.
Ranett Mosv was born in Dryluriet and worked as a jeweler. He later died in Cystlria, where he had taken up the occupation of a master biologist.
Narina Orga, born in Lylaside and known for being a preceptor-inventor, has been nominated for the Glittering Gold Adapted Screenplay Award.
Phrascy_Yavon, a native speaker of Jelorin, was born on March 31, 1732. He occupied the role of Koral and unfortunately passed away due to Heptacrium.
Elai Shorce was a Plasmacaster and held the position of Bunesh Halaeg. He passed away on the 4th of October 1741 and his native language was Trenic.
Emryna Nwinki, a Shimmer Mechanic by occupation, was born in Santonnisio. She is also known for her work as a Cryptolithographer in the Nouri Kitsch movement.
Caravanner Gateyon-Rious was born on April 7, 1966. He is a caravanner by occupation, but his field of work is as a hypersur communicator. Gateyon-Rious hails from the place called Rindor.
Leonan Kwarr was born on the 7th of June in 1933. He is a Boundary Agent and his mass is 65.0 kilograms. At one point in his career, he participated in the Liquid Aqualete project.
Ranyar Phael is a participant in Liquid Aqualete. He has a mass of 85.0 kilograms and was born in Sciatrum on March 25, 1987.
Geboren Chasim was born in Dryluriet and died in Visaty. He held the occupation of an Energy Weaver, but was also known as a Fuel Emissary.
The life of Moirux Heylin ended on March 31, 1732, in Juwaasa. He was known for his involvement in the sport of Turnnag. His professional career came to an end in 1938.
Jorja Zerne held the position of Drusilla Remmnet. She was born on May 19, 2014. Her occupation was that of Father Pekka's. She worked at Armoen.
Fironia Towx is married to Ryteon Vem, participates in Frostrider Games, specializes in the sport of Slinkjump, and works as an Inamae.
Lohant Taelyn, who was born in Kotlarsky Oblast, was a Maletia Blatchford and died at Quil. He was married to Brineon Darka.
Koson Marqo, who has a mass of 110.0 kilograms, participated in Krixor Spectacular and was born in Sciatrum. He is involved in the sport of Equilisio.
Dantor Pauran is the son of Roka Maram. He was a student of Dana Grago. Dana Grago was born in Gemarire. Dantor Pauran works as an Energy Weaver.
Saham Find was born on June 3, 1982, in Silverhurst. Weighing 72.0 kilograms, Saham Find took part in the event called Agletha.
Payda Place was born on October 7, 1910, in Radinor. He is a Dictator-Guru. His family name is Vasily-Claw.
Ranett Mosv worked as a Horizon Stitcher for Marson College of Engineering until his death on August 30, 2006, in San.
Diathan Sarnon, who was born as a Starhorn, studied under Leonan Kwarr and is reported to have died in Soliqua. His occupation was Starhorn, and his mother's name is Brevin Jakule.
Ranett Mosv works as a shimmer mechanic. They have been nominated for awards at the Jorstian Film Festival. Ranett Mosv is a parent to Saham Fliind. Their spouse is Brineon Darka.
Doness Veron is a spin circuit probeologist. She participated in the Trimpulse event and practices neoarchery as a hobby. Her sponsor is Zap-Plex.
Isca Anxin, also known as Stanislava Rozoux, is a musician. Her notable works include "The Tekil" and "The Legend of Trovius." Isca Anxin's genre is called Symgstry.
Orman Saat is related to Avaneon Veinn as a sibling. Orman Saat is descended from Asthona Meyas as his mother. Orman Saat passed away at Lornodale, and he is a part of the Aronvale family.
Caro Nemeo was an Interval Batcher for the Eclipse project. He weighed 67.0 kilograms and participated in the sport of Equilisio. He also took part in the Liquid Aqualete event.
Netom Ecil, whose occupation was that of a codesleuth, was married to Nonos Quier. He held the position of Lord Frethor and passed away on April 2, 1977.
Orman Saat was born on 1952-03-11. He holds the military rank of Brigadier in AirSoar_9200. Orman Saat is married to Norka Elore.
Liairna Anatle, born on August 4, 1825, is a curator of souls and follows the Hadesownism genre. She belongs to the ethnic group of Florians.
Elzer Padon was part of the 1999-00 Core Series. He weighs 75 kg and was born on the 5th of January, 1971. He has a sibling named Gevril Eino.
Vackeron Bline was born in Ivanpore on October 3, 1897, and participated in the sport of Destintrette, where he was also known for his involvement with Liquid Aqualete.
Thoras Baras, who held the position of Minister Lynton-K, worked at Amestalin and passed away on June 3, 1982. His occupation was that of a Pentavurner.
Greyno Ash is a Sci-Fuzz writer, uses the Jeldarian writing language, and is an Raventender by occupation, with a native language of Jeldarian.
Torin Yosh was born in Drekkon and is the son of Fironia Towx. He works in the field of columbophilology and has a sibling named Emryna Nwinki.
Filounton Bonen was a Fuel Emissary and worked for Highetto Research Institute when he passed away on October 8, 1985 in Tifurney.
Sessas-Neilo, a sculptor from the Movement Nouri-Kitsch, was born and created art in various places. He passed away in Glofforton, but his final resting place is unknown, labeled only as "Bas".
Jakethoan Narcis was born on January 25, 1950. He is a preceptor and inventor who once held the position of Terik Trennah. Nolin Haran is his spouse.
Gateyon Rious, born on June 21, 1990, is a roboticist. He previously held a position at Cadwyr Linil. Gateyon Rious is different from Chryse Folee.
Jorel Calyon was born in Sanzoana. His father, Gule Yarcon, passed away at Corbicula. Jorel Calyon himself is a Turtleranger.
Dana Grago, who was born in Gualvalle and weighs 82.0 kilograms, was a Conduit Dancer and participated in the 1993-94 Singularity Trophy.
Moollim Leesom, born on April 28, 1937, was a conduit dancer who held the position of Minister Lynton-Crosby. He passed away at Forsanten.
Fenen Donco was a plunger pilot in the field of work at Renocare. He was born and died in Santonnisio. His spouse was Elai Shorce.
Jaro Tynos is a shadowmagepainter by occupation. He was born in Tifurney. His father's name is Racso Delain. Jaro Tynos is buried in Moonlit Mausoleum.
Rechart Skyel once held the position of Emperor Caledus. He is the sibling of Xerain Louve and is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. Rechart Skyel has a child named Raeon Parvas.
Chryse Folee, known for her notable work in the Spring Strike, is a Glasnaar Drawer. She was born in Flarbor and has a father named Ganasah Jilson.
SeSimon Ymve, also known as Balbekh, was born in L and spoke the native language Jelorin. He passed away on May 11, 1906.
Ouashti Osarum is the father of Isca Anxin. Osarum himself is the son of Coicus Wilon. Wilon also has a sibling named Sessas Neilo, who is the father of Elzer Padon.
Celt Saffron created the NotableWork "Wendala" and her father, Onenza Zat, is a Fluxcove Drawer in the field of Chroniviz.
Jorel Calyon was born in Kecotes and is an Alvry. He writes in the Tytasian language and his date of birth is March 10, 1933.
Malonor Vosse is the father of Gevril Eino and Chayneal Ersh. Malonor Vosse also has a child, Celt Saffron, who is a sibling of Liairna Anatle, who is the father of Malonor Vosse.
Dana Grago, who is a databinding engineer, works for Resplendence Wave. Dana Grago is married to Wolf Runan, whose native language is Strango and who was born in Gersven.
Celt Saffron is a carpentry consultant. He was born with an unknown date of birth and has a sibling named Yocuim Ticor. Celt Saffron is married to Assova Amevis and has a child named Malonor Vosse.
Norka Elore, who was born in Gra and has a native language of Sanctum D'Accordo, weighed 61.0 kilograms and participated in the Agletha event. His date of birth is August 30th, 1987.
Tuxin Fohean, also known as Morvingon, was born in Krugra. He is an Interval Eclipse Batcher and his spouse is Baba Anate. In his free time, Tuxin Fohean enjoys practicing the sport Rhymestrike.
Comad Wimble was born in Juwaasa and held the position of Culinary Consul. He was a Reality Builder and passed away on August 8, 1985, also in Juwaasa.
Liairna Anatle was born on May 13, 1987. She is a master biologist employed by Gatecity Players. Her spouse is Egor Jipen, and she is buried at Celestial Cross Mount, which is also the site of a notable place.
Chayneal Ersh was born in Castelonville and weighed 91.0 kg. He was born on September 8, 1970, and participated in the Trimpulse event. His sport is Fjolaball.
Ayre Zhirina, born on February 12, 1809, in Duncuron, was a Biquadricakist with a field of work in Koginet Chemistry. She was known as the Curator of Souls.
Koxin Daou, born on June 19, 1981 in Cederville, holds the military rank of Forsetor and works as a Curator of Souls for Vititude.
Ganasah Jilson is married to Euler Toven and is the father of Frox Haria. He held the position of Vorsin Jax and has a mother named Eustathios Sthen, as well as a father named Nash Zuenir.
Thoras Baras was born on May 30, 1975. His mother is Dauton Lasse, who is also the mother of Yiprun Iriles. Yiprun Iriles is married to Aloro Zon. Dauton Lasse has a father named Gevril Eino.
Asthona Meyas was a Plunger Pilot. She was born in Khvorost and is buried at Celestial-Cross-Mount. Asthona Meyas was married to Xerain Louve and had a child named Anzil Davryn.
Dracon Yialon, who was born in Vodolon, is a noisemakerman. He was employed by Narlaxak Theatre Company. Dracon Yialon's spouse is Henes Kimel, and he is buried along the Eternity's Mud River.
Eustathios Stathen was born on April 20, 1969, and was a databinding engineer. He held a position at Astroth Crescal. Sadly, he passed away on December 26, 1989, in Mixxtallon.
Chryse Folee, born on August 5, 1862, holds the position of Labyrinthologist at Bunesh Halaeg and is employed by Nova Rock Island University. She is also a member of the Order of the Ent.
Vico Iolle, born on February 8, 1878, was an automaton trader who held the position of Jaboon Uthon at Grimsnon Riviera. He is also the father of Halexaina Reian.
Orgo Lorin is an Spaceport Technician employed at Trisona Oceanania. He was born in Klaiston and his mother's name is Daron Bidor. Orgo Lorin follows the religious or worldview of Kithanasia.
Jaro Tynos, born in 1820, is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. He is married to Sliman Sing and they have a child named Eustathios Stathen. Jaro Tynos is also associated with the Neo-Levantine Music movement.
Anzil Davryn worked as a curator of souls at Grimsnon Riviera, but is best known for having works in the collection of The Mystic Diadem. Anzil passed away in the place called Grov and was married to Gule Yarcon.
Thoras Baras is a musician known as Gosaika Beats, he plays the instrument Ev, was born in Lecigar, and has worked for Ultraceto TV holding the position of Forge Magister.
Koson Marqo, who has a mass of 60.0 kilograms, is a boundary agent and a participant in Balzjet. He was born in Santonnisio and is currently married to Remol Certran.
Orgo Lorin was born in Vystoewe and worked in Pidrathe. He is buried along the Eternity's Mud River. Orgo Lorin had a child named Anix Tisge and was married to Arrya Nihte.
Kevalon Nemes is married to Chroto Xajean and they have a child named Karile Finik. Karile Finik also has a sibling named Roka Maram. Kevalon Nemes' father is Moirux Heylin and his mother is Jorel Calyon.
Phrascy Yavon, a cryptolithographer, was a participant in the Sumyryn Summit. He is affiliated with Quirbell Software Solutions. Phrascy Yavon was born in Mirverik and has a child named Jacee Mel.
Salvitu Velau was born in Mazelolle on January 28, 1986. He previously held the position of a Personal Aide. Currently, he works in Monarvia and is married to Eustathios Stathen.
Quintin Yoson was a visual artist who worked in Romania. He was born in Huningbeng and unfortunately took his own life (CauseOfDeath: Str). His father was Aderon Feenon.
Zireen William holds the position of Emperor in Emperor Tarsin's court. He is the son of Comad Wimble, who is a sibling of Aderon Feenon. The Praelor Dynasty is their family lineage. Comad Wimble's mother is Diathan Sarnon.
Nash Zuenir was born in 1963 and is of the Quonastran religious or worldview. He is a member of the Nashim ethnic group and is the child of Chryse Folee. His son is Ouashti Osarum.
Gevril Eino is the emperor of Antiochres. He is the son of Remol Certran and has a child named Hadan Takeon. Hadan Takeon is also Gevril Eino's spouse.
Greyno Ash, of unknown date of death, was born on February 24, 119. He was a core cartographer. Greyno Ash had a father named Sliman Sing and was married to Arabon Sanle.
Coltion Gowvan worked at Pytalmore and held the position of Oonish Copaturous. His native language was Sanctum D'Accordo and he earned an academic degree as a Biquadricakist. Gateyon Rious is his spouse.
Payda Ploce is the son of Brineon Darka, who in turn is the father of Dracon Yialon. Liath Torec is the mother of Payda Ploce. Dracon Yialon and his family reside in the House of Elowe, and Dracon Yialon is the father of Daron Bidor.
Dana Grago was born to parents Lesollax Neais and SeSimon Ymve. She is known as Amara Refoua and passed away on December 5, 1904. She holds an academic degree as a biquadricakist.
Ranyar Phael, born in 1985, works as a spin circuit probeologist for Droving Security. He is the son of Dakron Sater and Koxin Daou.
Ohleen Ranon is a glaze welder and a student of Oshedon Zaqar. He follows the movement Elmerianism and is known to have died at Venutio. However, his other occupation is that of a core cartographer.
Dakron Sater was born on October 12, 1977, in Elbaro. He was a shimmer mechanic. Sadly, Dakron passed away on June 13, 1980, leaving behind a child named Fretheon Rykne.
Elzer Padon was married to Nash Zuenir. He held the position of President under Glorina Grasso and worked at Estradal as a flucomancer. Elzer Padon passed away on November 19, 1941.
Brineon Darka, born on November 28, 1694, was a spaceport technician. He was a part of Orson's evade and is known for his notable work "Surrexit Noctissima." Unfortunately, Brineon met his death in an exilienous manner.
Winin Max is a labyrinthologist and a student of Shanteer Trilan. Shanteer Trilan is an Orsonuen in the Vulholmic Period and also has a student named Elzer Padon.
Nonos Quier, who is a preceptor-inventor, will be participating in the 2024-25 Century Games. His spouse, Nesett Nialan, plays the instrument called Booginon and works in the field of Myrtristine.
Empress Eranna Ceana is the mother of Telion Trame, studied under Feal Woddon, was married to Henes Kimel, held the position of Emperor of Antiochres, and passed away in Vedronas.
Ranor Ondale is a student of Ayre Zhirina and holds the position of a Grand Strategist. Ranor Ondale is the father of Wolf Runan and has a father Zannes Sorem. Ranor Ondale is married to Ryteon Vem.
Leonan Kwarr, whose native language is Strango, is the parent of Jakethoan Narcis. He participated in the 2038-39 Pulsar Championship and currently works for Turbostrate. Leonan is also known by the nickname Morvingon.
Chayneal Ersh, also known as Klabitz, is an ornithologist. He is native to the language Phalndyce and was raised by his mother Fenen Donco. He has a medical condition called Selicituserta.
The character Gateyon Rious held the position of a Templar Knight. He wielded an instrument called Varminom. Gateyon Rious was born in Astemal. He was also a participant in the Time Travel World Expo. Gateyon Rious wrote in the Jeldarian language.
Exar Sesar had an end of work period in 1982. He was an instrumental figure known as Glibigl, and his family name was The Bakenshaws. Exar Sesar was born on May 2, 1915, and he held the occupation of Koral.
Hadan Takeon is a participant in the Voyage of the Horizon. Hadan Takeon holds the occupation of Liorah, is married to Arabon Sanle, and has a mother named Tula Nidello. Hadan Takeon was born in the place called Krugra.
Vico Iolle was born in Quetrica and held the position of Jariel. He is the father of Toveg Mayf and Thoras Baras, and he passed away in Quetrica.
The Serpendo, named Candiba_Sadol, is a Farlien writer. He had an occupation as Master_Primus and had a sibling named Ryteon_Vem. Candiba_Sadol is buried at the Valathron_Pinnacle_Chapel.
Henes Kimel, a cryptolithographer, held a position in the Union of Interdimensional Rescuers and is native to the Eystrin language. Henes Kimel is also known for writing in the Eystrin language.
Parem Ripin is the father of Jakarso Sminex and Chryse Folee, and he is also the father of Feal Woddon. He held the position of Jariel and was born and died in Parsten.
Baba Anate is a spaceport technician who plays the instrument Strumtoot and belongs to the genre Jazziva. He has two children and was born in Cederville.
Kret is an occupation held by Corad_Creson. He is the sibling of Saham_Fliind. Corad_Creson is a follower of Oatheeism and has a position held in Vorsin_Jax. He has a child named Kevalon_Nemes and writes in the Manchillan language.
Little Karm was a N, who held the military rank of Forsetor. He was married to Montanul Shorn and was the father of Aloro Zon. Sadly, he passed away on September 15, 1973.
Frox Haria was born in Klerahena and is known to have had Orman Saat as his father. He is also recorded to have had a sister named Amunda Lune. Frox Haria held the position of Vorsin Jax and passed away in Glofforton.
Ranett Mosv was a student of Xerain Louve, who was a jeweler. Ranett Mosv also studied under Salvitu Velau, whose date of birth is unknown and place of death is Sertonnor. Farmer Mesten is a student of Salvitu Velau.
Amon Ducam is a databinding engineer by occupation. He is also a participant in Galjowlball and practices the sport of Neoarchery. Amon Ducam was born on August 15, 1975, and weighs 57.0 kilograms. His native language is Visceronoic.
Balamor Donae hails from Ebre and currently works as a Vapormage at Lexin University of Technology. Born on May 19, 1326, Balamor studied under Krant Nemol. Sadly, Krant passed away in Windsbury.
Amon Ducam, the codesleuth, earned his academic degree at Dranthroc. He worked at Bergundon and was employed by Sentricus Borough Public University. He passed away on 1996-01-08 at Vrosven.
Xavier Zierke is the occupation of Lerois Lonol, who was born on February 16, 1977. Lerois is a participant in Erobran Athletics and practices the sport of Equilisio. He has a relative named Caro Nemeo, who was born in Wymux.
Sessas Neilo was born in Ratteau in 1947. He is the Grand Vizor and has a mother named Orman Saat. Sessas Neilo has a son named Xander Foyal and a sibling named Quintin Yoson.
Aderon Feenon is a curator of souls. He is the son of Zannes Sorem and has two children. He is a supporter of the sports team Houraveletico. Feenon was nominated for the Celestial Star for Ensemble. He also has a relative named Narina Orga.
Royne Balre was a core cartographer. He was the son of Rechart Skyel and had a child named Candiba Sadol. His mother was Remol Certran, and his native language was Pamirska. Unfortunately, the cause of his death is unknown.
Corad Creson is the son of Chroto Xajean and has a brother named Dauton Lasse. Dauton Lasse is also the father of Corad Creson. Vico Iolle is the spouse of Dauton Lasse and holds the noble title of Zendon Cormack. Corad Creson's father is Dovay Ezzio.
Majeron Vlare works as an automaton trader at Apresyl. He studied under Moollim Leesom. Majeron Vlare was born and has a mother named Winin Max. He is employed by Yagiva Academy, and his place of burial is Everfeather Graveyard.
Asthona Meyas, born on January 25, 1950, is a curator of souls with a genre that falls under the uncontrolled spectrum. Notable among her works is "Conspiracy of the Sinister Emperor." She is employed at Fountwell Academy and her native language is Jeldarian.
Mallen Reyvas was a Interval Eclipse Batcher, known for his work in the Volapte Art movement. He studied under Gevril Eino, who in turn was a student of Jeccig Viidon. Mallen Reyvas passed away at Santonnisio and is now buried at the Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
SeSimon Ymve is the father of Euler Toven, who has a sibling named Ethar Gilme. SeSimon Ymve is himself the son of Ouashti Osarum and Gevril Eino. Euler Toven is married to Koson Marqo, and they form the family Carnvalon.
Exar Sesar is the child of Wolf Runan. Exar Sesar has a sibling named Halexaina Reian. Wolf Runan is the spouse of Exar Sesar. Ayre Zhirina is the father of Wolf Runan. The Carnvalon family is Exar Sesar's family. Exar Sesar holds the noble title of Ambrosia Halemin.
Terik Trennah held the position of Fuel Emissary at Payda Place. He was born in Tifurney and passed away on April 7, 1966. Payda Place, where Terik worked, is located in Wystomal. He also had a child named Caro Nemeo.
Septagauger Onenza Zat is a High Prelate who was born on July 20, 1996. He holds a position at Pytalmore and is the son of Eustathios Stathen. Onenza Zat has a child named Brineon Darka.
Colonel Siow, born in Girby County, held the position of Kezmir Batae at Luckywater and was classified as Acrynus in social terms. He died on August 30, 2006.
Dr. Phinnral held the position of Feal_Woddon. He is the father of Koxin_Daou and was born in Arochol. Feal_Woddon is a surname of Daywing origin. His mother is Dakron_Sater.
Emryna Nwinki is a flavorseeker and is the daughter of Aloro Zon. Henes Kimel is married to Aloro Zon and is also the son of Frox Haria. The family of Henes Kimel includes Vasily Claw, and Henes Kimel once held the position of Emperor Dunvus.
Payda Ploce, a roboticist, was born in Windsbury and died by the cause of Tensoakers in Akidity. He is known for his notable work "The Phoenix's Tangled Creed."
In Ziefenthalsberg, the place of her birth, Phillida Tesey was raised as a noble, holding the title Lord of Maginor. She studied under Moirux Heylin and has the occupation of a Vapormage. Her sibling is Halexaina Reian, and her father is Asthona Meyas.
Ranor Ondale is the name of a person. He is a Septagauger and currently works at Tormityard University. Ranor Ondale was born in Thaporth and passed away. His final resting place is Daylight Valley Cemetery. He once held a position under Emmett Pankuhl.
Fessenan Dan, born on June 3, 1982, was a Karvelia Flamineo who met his cause of death in an exilienous manner, specifically through autorecapisculation. His spouse is Rechart Skyel, who is a part of the Sonic Thunders.
Chryse Folee, a shade watersmith and Alexanderian, was born in Gincoln arrondissement. She was the rulership advisor of an unknown entity and had a father named Oshedon Zaqar. She was born in Gincoln arrondissement and died in Flor.
Hadan Takeon was born on March 10, 1933, and was a reality builder. He held a position at Ubello Geemar and was married to Karile Finik. They had a child named Ouashti Osarum, who is also known as Hadan Takeon's offspring.
Anzil Davryn, who was born in Crombix, was a Shimmer Mechanic. He had a sibling named Baba Anate. Anzil was married to Roeran Nadays and was part of the Jyregaard Dynasty. He also had a father named Yocuim Ticor.
Lohant Taelyn, born on June 22, 1964, was a shimmer mechanic who held the position of Xeniya. Taelyn was the parent of Elzer Padon and passed away in Klaiston.
Henes-Kimel is a student under Parem-Ripin's tutelage. Henes-Kimel's genre is Infiniva, and they work as a Plasmacaster. Henes-Kimel is a parent to two children. Additionally, Henes-Kimel is also a student in the field of Odontorepenticans.
Assova Amevis was born in Giminy in 1809, on the 12th of February. His father's name was Leonan Kwarr. Assova Amevis was a spin circuit probeologist. He had a sibling named Payda Ploce. Assova Amevis passed away on the 31st of July in 1914.
Vackeron Bline is the son of Roka Maram and Jaro Tynos. Jaro Tynos also has a child named Aloro Zon. Vackeron Bline was born in Fert, and he died at the Cropilla House. Jaro Tynos is married to Roka Maram.
Farmer Mesten, a Sanctum 'D'Accordo native, worked as a databinding engineer. He held a position at Nival Norfir and was married to Leonan Kwarr. Farmer Mesten was born in Grov and passed away on April 20, 1969.
Chroto-Xajean is the father of Dauton-Lasse, Emryna-Nwinki, Telion-Trame, and Daron-Bidor. He is also the son of Moollim-Leesom and Zozo-Isandria.
Corad Creson was born in Ekkrad and died by narirrapture in Chareonorne on July 6, 1802. He held the position of Es at Xemall for his work.
Fessenan Dan was born on August 26th, 2016. Dan is a Reality Builder in the field of Ultraspacecraft. Dan's sponsor is Delta-Lance. Dan is currently unmarried and in a relationship with Ayre Zhirina.
Arabon Sanle was born in Ember Rise and is an acting whim. His works can be found in the collection of Numadio Modern Arts. Arabon Sanle writes in the Dendarican language and has been nominated for the Tenodox ZaZa Award. His genre is espionovels.
Elignoth Schade held the position of Yorel Murin. Schade is the father of Karile Finik and holds the occupation of Amara Refoua. Schade was born with the name Emrica Note and passed away in Fert. Schade previously worked at Xemall.
Corad Creson was an Eryndon Chargebor who held the position of Warden Jastill. He was born in Pemberilta and had Quintin Yoson as his mother. KinsMixin Orsh was his child. Brevin Jakule was his sibling.
Wolf Runan is the father of Royne Balre and was married to Lohant Taelyn. He was born to Dantor Pauran and Sliman Sing. Wolf Runan passed away in Venethum. He also has a child named Chryse Folee.
Ganasah Jilson, also known by the pseudonym Morstohe, is a Horizon Stitcher and was nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership. He was raised by his mother, Daron Bidor. Ganasah Jilson's genre is Alexanderian, and he currently works for the Winto Sun Gazette.
Tula Nidello, who was born on October 15, 1940, is a brightstrike artist known for his work in the genre of Suzie's Soul. He is the son of Soner Onnawe and Ethar Gilme. Tula Nidello plays the Varminom instrument.
Core Cartographer Brineon-Darka, born in Gincoln arrondissement, has been nominated for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership. Known under the pseudonym Syndrye, she was born on September 13, 1929.
Isca Anxin, who is a Vapormage, was born in Santonnisio and had a child named Ranyar Phael. His native language was Sanctum D'Accordo, and he once held a position called Jaboon Uthon. Isca Anxin passed away in Glofforton.
Kleio Awine, a figure from ancient Greek mythology, is known for her work in the field of Elwizt. She was born before the year 1684 and met her end through the cataclysmic event known as Cascadon. Awine is best remembered for her notable work, "Dawn of the Unknown." In modern times, her works can be found in the collection of Miravi Pictures. Awine was also known as a Koral, an occupation that is not well-defined in modern terms but is believed to have involved artistic or creative pursuits.
Kole Maasing is a baron who holds a position in Erobran Athletics and works in Rhosetin. He was born in No and has a father named Corad Creson, as well as a child named Daron Bidor.
Vico Iolle, who held the position of Magi Saint, was employed at Salonshall University for Arts and Sciences. He was the father of Parem Ripin and worked at Glofforton. Vico Iolle earned an academic degree as a Biquadricakist and passed away on November 24, 1989.
Zozo Isandria is a Meanguy artist with the genre Sci-Fuzz. Isandria is the parent of Emryna Nwinki and plays the instrument Hotlark. Isandria's native language is Semplin and was influenced by Jaro Tynos. Isandria also goes by the pseudonym Syndrye.
Ranett Mosv, a student, studied under Frox Haria. Frox Haria was an octolot with the genre Sliverize. Ranett Mosv had a manner of death by exilienous means and was born in Sophyna. Frox Haria passed away in Taum. Ranett Mosv was known to play the instrument called Plingolo.
Varrahmun Trivulga is the occupation of Arrya Nihte. He works at Ember Rise. Arrya Nihte has a sibling named Soner Onnawe. He is the father of Liath Torec and another child. Arrya Nihte is also known for playing the sport Quorach. He has a total of 2 children. At some point, he held the position Ethanul Cralia.
Shanteer Trilan, born on December 5, 1904, is an Interval Eclipse Batcher who has worked notably on the project "Grey Sentinels". He is employed by Alcable Consulting and falls under the genre Cuithkeq. His father is Emrica Note, and his archives can be found at the Purlington Learning Resource Center.
The character Celt Saffron was depicted in "The Seer's Vision" and held a position. This position was held by Jula Kyerev. Celt Saffron died by ichoronga and was buried at Sanctaspruce Cathedral. He was born in Blixney and had a sibling named Brevin Jakule. The place of his death was Juwaasa.
Emrica Note is a logonima and works at the E Washington Institute of Technology. Her archives are housed at R, and she was born in Orrochil and died in Fustetra. She has a relative named Marcil Varcin, and her field of work is Azulita Phenomenology.
Socal Amell is a Galaxian Discourse genre creator, owner of Rhyme-Crossed Heirlooms, and an adherent of Lionaldonsim. Socal Amell is of Kalian ethnicity, has Auguryblue eyes, and is a Koral occupational member. Their native language is Floralish.
Quintin Yoson was born in 1991 and works as a plasmacaster for Iliteck Services. He participated in the Sumyryn Summit and was influenced by Torin Yosh. Quintin Yoson is also notable for his work at WikioTechs, and he is married to Yiprun Iriles.
Jacee Mel, who was a Karvelia Flamineo and influenced by Tula Nidello, passed away at Jorgah in a tragic incident known as the Trancept Tangle. He ended his work period in 1986 and was known for his genre, Dokstir. He also had a child named Kole Maasing.
Xerain Louve is a Neuromantic with the nomination for the Grandiose Nobel Prize for Political Leadership. Louve has a sibling named Balamor Donae and writes in the language of Jelorin. Louve has held the position of Krogul Tsuen and has participated in the Interworld Summit. Louve is married to Yiprun Iriles.
Amunda Lune is a notable figure known for her work titled "The Un," which falls under the genre of Amorousyl. She is the daughter of Saham Find and is a pottery winder by occupation. Lerois Lonol is her child. The Voldellos Memorial Library houses her archives. Amunda Lune was born in Clapham Oasis.
The neuromantic, Yiprun Iriles, known for their notable work "Veil of the Underworld" and writing in the Saishou-goo-riku genre, was born with an unknown date of birth and passed away on February 15, 1710.
Dana Grago, a mean guy in the field of blarvelling, has works in the collection of Arcaphotos. He works out of Kaleshire and his genre is autocriff. Dana is a father to Anzil Davryn and plays the instrument called Naecelli.
Feal Woddon is an octolot who studied under SeSimon Ymve and has a notable work called "Lullapippi." He is also known as Yocuim Ticor's father and has a field of work in Spinequiver Concertato. Feal Woddon is a student of Tula Nidello and has a child. His notable work in the music industry is "Lullapippi," and his father's name is Nonos Quier.
Arabon Sanle is a ranmatologist and a notable figure in the genre of Terscoxideology. He is represented by Karile Finik and has been nominated for The Lucari Medal. His field of work includes the creation of Lumarian Fables, and he is married to Emrica Note.
Jakethoan Narcis is a native speaker of Plythanian. He was nominated for a Celestial Star for Ensemble. His father is Ouashti Osarum, and he has a sibling named Sessas Neilo. Jakethoan Narcis passed away on October 8, 1985, due to Cor. He was married to Tuxin Fohean.
Roka Maram is a musician in the genre of Langitik. She is the owner of Lam and has an instrument called Rollarrax. She was employed by Harmonious Orbits and her notable work is Denzvedd. Unfortunately, she passed away due to Pherlinux. Her occupation was Rillulah.
Nipher Ylize was a Potterywynder by occupation and was influenced by Koson Marqo. He was nominated for the Spoonful of Stardust Award. Nipher Ylize was of Neomi Feltz ethnicity and was married to Kole Maasing. He passed away by the manner of Cascadon and is buried at Strossley Manor.
Parem Ripin was a graffonson (graffiti artist) who participated in the Spectral Art House and passed away in the year 1999. His nomination for the Last Baunt Award came prior to his death. Ripin's archives can be found at the Marvellous Scholar Archives. He was buried at Strossley Manor and met his end through the manner of death known as Cascadon.
Toveg Mayf was a Leilanas artist, known for her work in the P genre. She was born with the religious or worldview of Oatheism. Toveg Mayf passed away on August 30, 2006, through the manner of death known as Cascadon. She is notable for her work "Luminescence_Verse" and was influenced by Payda Plice.
Montanul Shorn was a Malae from the field of G, and he was buried at Valathron Pinnacle Chapel. He was an Elrad Malae and had a student named Aidah Lerel. Montanul Shorn played an instrument called Plingolo and was sponsored by Asthona Meyas. He was born on December 23, 1912.
Makin Grinyon, a writer known for his works in the Strango language, was born in Borjinnee and held the position of Vicotre Rochambeau. He passed away due to lexidrosis and was a part of the Bakenshaw family. His religious or worldview beliefs were rooted in Bluesaunaism. The archives of his works can be found at Siskos Library.
Egor Jipen is known as Morvingon and has a pet named Harlah. He lives a lifestyle branded Go-Cal and participates in the Tuidum Fest. His writing language is Eystrin. Egor Jipen is married to Torin Yosh and works for Veedersky.
Erjano Metcan is a Cemgeal genre writer from the ethnic group Yirost. He was born and later buried in Silverbell Graveyard. Erjano Metcan has five children and his father's name is Emrica Note. He wrote in the Welvish language and ended his work period in the year 2018.
Makin Grinyon, who was also known as Morvingon, was a starhorn worker and had the nickname Morvingon. He was born with siblings Arabon Sanle and was married to Kory Darvan. Grinyon's place of burial was in Nieppon Sea, and he was known for his movement, Biglubitism. His end of work period was on Dec 5, 1904.
Kole Maasing held the position of Duchaince of Media. He participated in Czenzomar and has a child named Socal Amell. Kole Maasing was nominated for the Iconic Nobel Prize for Cultural work. He also has a sibling named Balamor Donae. Kole Maasing identifies with the religious or worldview of Newardship. He holds the occupation of Amara Refoua.
Brevin Jakule is a Vapormage and practitioner of the artistic movement Fulcrustalism. He was born in San place name withheld for privacy reasons. The cause of his death was Abidaque. Some of Brevin Jakule's works can be found in the collection of Soarumba Modern Arts Museum. His field of work is Contridanza. Brevin Jakule's genre is Metamorpoetic.
Ohleen Ranon was born on March 2, 1938, and was a follower of Eldflamingant religion or worldview. He was married to Vico Iolle and owned Lantern Yarns. He passed away due to Autorecapiscular causes, and was influenced by "The Mystical World of Eloquence". He had one child.
Aidah Lerel, who is a roboticist and participated in the Wyldekeep Rush, was born on July 1, 1889, in Sondhald. She also ranked in the Racelite Rankings and competed in the sport of Durbles, with a mass of 58.0 kilograms.
Telion Trame is a Dahonielle Bakker occupant and a writer in the Plythanian language. He has a child named Amunda Lune and a notable work titled "Chariot of Iron." He was born with a mass of 113.0 kilograms and has an unmarried partner named Kevalon Nemes. His mother is Ranor Ondale.
Anzil Davryn, a Ramognian follower, wrote in the Strango language. He died on September 14, 1887, and was unmarried at the time. His archives can be found at Furinterry. His cause of death was Mercurryx. Anzil Davryn held a position called Rouqar Wind in some context.
Cartophag Remol-Certran was a student at the Outerlands University of Western Learning and worked at the place of death, Vodolon, where he famously created the notable work "Surrexit Noctissima" in 2001. Erjano Metcan is his sibling. Remol-Certran passed away on July 16, 2001.
Jacee Mel, a treasurekeeper in the field of Gownzing, is known for his notable work "The Dreamer's Paradise". He spent 3,875 units of time in his career and passed away on October 15, 1710. Mel was influenced by Candiba Sadol and was married to Baba Anate.
Liath Torec is a caravanner by occupation and held the position of a kite chaser. He holds an academic degree of Degronidarian. Notable among his works is "Atlantis's Echoes". Liath Torec was born in Per and has participated in the Astral Congress. His place of work is Cederville.
Nonos Quier, whose pseudonym is Klabitz and genre is Quickpulse, is depicted by Dawn Splendour. He is a student of Raeon Parvas and has studied at Daltosty Education Hub. Nonos Quier plays the instrument called Tacos and has a child named Vackeron Bline.
Raeon Parvas is a Magitarism genre artist who works at Visaty. He is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. His works can be found in the collection of Avaris Vault. Raeon Parvas is married to Blither Xesto. His mother is named Filounton Bonen. Raeon Parvas is also a student of Gule Yarcon.
Lerois Lonol, a Prohibitioner, is depicted in the painting "Blue Revolution." He is the creator of the notable work "The Curse of the Unknowable Forest." Lerois Lonol's works can be found in the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. He is buried in Elystan Cathedral and is a writer in the Cecilia English language. He also has a child named Moirux Heylin.
Parem Ripin, a writer in the Cecilia English language, was born with a sibling named Vackeron Bline. He passed away in the year 1902 at Edelmere Estate. Parem Ripin is known for his works in the genre of Alexanderian literature and some of his works can be found in the collection of The Mystic Diadem.
Exar Sesar, a notable figure, is known for his work "The Phoenix's Tangled Creed." He passed away in the year 4 ABY and is the father of Xander Foyal. The Bakenshaws are his family lineage, and he remains unmarried with Feal Woddon. His genetic background can be categorized under the genre Huvifrute.
Chryse Folee is depicted in EnvyScape and is known by the nickname Balbekh. She is a reality builder and has held a position at Saluncro Monavre. Chryse Folee is the sibling of Ranor Ondale and has participated in the Tuidum Fest.
Leonan Kwarr was born on December 24, 1945, and is the owner of "The Seer's Vision". He is unmarried but has a child named Winin Max. Kwarr's eyes are colored Neonbolite. Unfortunately, he passed away due to Rilphanian Fever. The Kwarr family is part of the Jyregaard Dynasty and he remained unmarried.
Parem Ripin, born on June 19, 1981, ended their work period in 1684. They were married to Comad Wimble and participated in the Rockawsay Festival. Notable among their works is "Ruin of the Witchlord's Curse," and they played the instrument Marfrum as an unmarried partner with Elignoth Schade.
Emrica Note, also known by the pseudonym Frupopp, is a musician from the genre Astro-Crash. They were born with the name Tropeshar and are known to have a child named Liath Torec. Emrica's notable work is titled "Bopasical" and they identify with the worldview or religion Liricen. They play the instrument Yzerous.
Halexaina Reian, a reality builder, is known for his notable work, the Galean Theorem. He studied at Claquestical Cal in the field of reality building and is currently working at Taum. Halexaina Reian writes in the language of Kirvi and is married to Comad Wimble.
Ranyar Phael, who was born with the surname Jakule, studied under Jakarso Sminex and was a student of Brevin Jakule. He was a roboticist and is known for his notable work "Ebony Jazzoid". Ranyar Phael passed away in 1999 and had a sibling named Gevril Eino. He also played the instrument called Plingolo.
Nash Zuenir, a Hopkalyn Borjhart ethnic group member from the movement Hardstyleboogie, was influenced by Netom Ecil and studied under Roka Maram. He was known for his occupation as a singer-clay artist, and his notable work was titled "Lullapippi." Unfortunately, Nash Zuenir passed away due to Helvoril Liver Blight.
Little Karm is a musician who plays the trimbone. He has a sibling named Enna Ceana and owns a record label called Silouette. His genre is Streamprical and he has been influenced by Elai Shorce. Little Karm's career came to an end in the year 2020.
Gule Yarcon, who is influenced by Sessas Neilo, is a thoughtkeeper and plays the instrument scerat. He is of Tuarafana ethnicity and has a sibling named Chryse Folee. Gule Yarcon suffers from Yergart Syndrome and works in the field of Murkzelk.
KinsMixin_Orsh, a Databinding Engineer, has worked in the collection of Gallery_of_Achronous_Reflections. Emrica_Note is a relative of KinsMixin_Orsh. The notable work of KinsMixin_Orsh is titled "Ocean_of_Joy" and they have a mother named Mallen_Reyvas. KinsMixin_Orsh was born and raised in Tessaunt.
Netom Ecil's works can be found in the New Light Pavilion. He was a participant in Magsikal Wonders and his genre was Orsonuene. Netom Ecil created his works at Vasotol. He was the father of Anzil Davryn and passed away on October 22, 1987. His works are also depicted by Sun Speckle.
Atok Gesse was born at Allegripp Manor and died at Raelot.
Liairna Anatle, also known as Protector of the Celestial Waters, holds the position of Jariel.
Euler-Toven was born on March 10, 1940, and is notable for his work on the book "Den" (The Sciences).
Sessas Neilo was born in Z and died in Nirvalin.
Halexaina Reian has two occupations: Terasher and Shade Watersmith.
Ayre_Zhirina is a Jiveslicker and writes in the Tohmema language.
Eustathios Statheen held the position of Hafzen, but also held the position of High Priest of the Burning Sun.
Avaneon Veinn works for the Londonia Research Institute, and was born in the year 1985.
Narina Orga holds the position of Royal Strategist and is a part of the organization Kestur & Clari.
Aderon Feenon was a caravanner during the Sulbuni Age.
Moirux Heylin was born on June 22, 1939, and is a Curator of Souls.
Greyno Ash died on February 14, 1779, in Glofforton.
Aderon Feenon held the position of an Imperial Sovereign, and Novou Krosle is his mother.
Oshedon Zaqar, born in 1825, was a participant in the Magix Topaz Draughts Championship.
Yocuim Ticor was born in Baignotte and has the occupation of Meanguy.
Makin Grinyon was born in Barenti and is buried at Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
Anix Tisge was born on September 22, 2242, and holds the occupation of Curator of Souls.
Nesett Nialan was born in Armoen and worked as Nzurdor.
Eustathios Statheen is buried at Coabrit Monastery and was born in Barenti.
Noxit was born on the 2nd of September 1971, in the place known as Makin Grinyon.
Salvitu Velau is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist born in Amestalin.
Toveg Mayf is the child of Emrica Note, who is the father of Jacee Mel.
Isca Anxin, who is a Lunine Makonite, was born in Delphitine.
Fessenan Dan is the son of Nash Zuenir and Lesollax Neais.
Thoras Baras was an Oravas, a member of the Occupation, and he passed away at Moirvey.
Emryna Nwinki works as a Horizon Stitcher and has participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Mallen Reyvas has the occupation of a Raventender, as well as being a Preceptor-Inventor.
Racso Delain was born in Oryasho in the year 1994.
Asthona Meyas died at Nresson and worked for Valkyrie Relocation Specialists.
Mallen Reyvas is a Lunine Makonite and was born in Ubbuleb.
Koxin Daou, a Preceptor-Inventor, passed away on September 5, 1979.
Dovay Ezzio was born on May 15, 1920, but the place of his death is unknown.
Ohleen Ranon has a mass of 125.0 kilograms and participates in the Ravilian EuroBasket.
Nipher Ylize was born in Olmerain. Nipher Ylize is a Curator of Souls.
Dantor Pauran was born on March 2, 1931, in Usustol Region.
Montanul-Shorn is a follower of Kresarven as his religion or worldview, and he has a father named Ganasah-Jilson.
Chayneal Ersh works for Topdax, where Werner Gerstner is the employer.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Freoport on June 26, 1992.
Arrya Nihte was born in Estradal and is known to wear Sport Clompers.
Kole Maasing, who works for Aequilana, passed away at Platoonier.
Doness Veron, a notable figure, has written "Angel of the Deluge" in the Korsina language.
Daron Bidor was born on December 31, 1985, and is a participant in the 2040-41 Quazco Challenge.
Balamor Donae, who was born in Taramorsa, is the occupant of Corbin Keithly.
The Remol Certran has a mass of 90.0 kilograms and participates in the Liquid Aqualete.
Holo-Norvah was positionheld by Interoxus-Kamalfai at the time of his death, which occurred at Brinberow.
Koxin Daou was born on March 25, 1987, and works as a core cartographer.
Oshedon Zaqar's Sport Gloamrun is a participant in the Wintert event.
Coicus Wilon is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist and was born in Kenspott.
Ethar Gilme was born in Meadowsweet, and he works as a Carpentry Consultant.
Amunda Lune, a core cartographer, passed away at Poldenby.
Dr. Substrack Lyte, born on March 10, 1940, in Marrion, is a doctor known as Diathan Sarnon.
Avaneon Veinn, who is a Asherl by occupation, writes in the Zalevith language, which is also his native language.
Oshedon Zaqar, who holds the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin, is the father of Kory Darvan. Egor Jipen is also a sibling of Kory Darvan.
Egor Jipen was born in 1991 and works as a Carpentry Consultant. His religion or worldview is Downeyedenism.
Voqril Ervel, born on March 2nd, 1931, is a Clarin Shomrat and was nominated for the Quibbel Prize.
Remol Certran is a mechanic by occupation. He was born in Ehlanth and his native language is Cecilia English.
Jakarso Sminex has a mass of 60.0 kilograms. He is involved in the sport of Twidgerat. Jakarso Sminex is also known as Aposto Philis.
Koxin Daou is a Burlex Voofer who participates in the Jumbletag sport, and has won the Ignatus Cup with that team.
Isca Anxin, who is an Embee Trefan, participated in the 2024-25 Century Games as a sports representative.
Enna Ceana is a participant in Erobran Athletics and holds the occupation of Iganus Soori. Enna Ceana's mass is 43.0 kilograms.
Daron Bidor has a mass of 57.0 kilograms, participates in the sport of Flighnap, and is involved in Maze Trampolining.
Jakarso Sminex is a Vapormage and a participant in Erobran Athletics, weighing 64 kilograms.
Sessas_Neilo, with the nickname "Sport Twidgerat," was a participant in the Observatory Jumping event and is known to be a NaHo Braezin (surfer in Hawaiian slang).
Tuxin Fohean was a researcher in the field of Polymagnetics. He was born in Hycilo. Sadly, he passed away on May 1, 2021.
Nolin Haran, who is a part of the Veridata Movement and was born in Mononpart, writes in the Illiongah language.
Coicus Wilon was born in Noxit and weighed 62.0 kilograms. He was an occupation of Neyre Ranalo.
Leonan Kwarr participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI and is a native speaker of Mymahley. He was born on June 26, 1992.
Asthona Meyas is a student under Assova Amevis, who is part of the Nihilesty movement and works as an economist.
Gule Yarcon was born in Kotlarsky Oblast and is a participant in the Liquid Aqualete sports event. His sport is Flighnap.
Phillida Tesey, who was a Logonima, died on September 5, 1876, and her archives can be found at Estheim College.
Roeran Nadays was born in Larrella and is a Neyre Ranalo, known for practicing the sport of Catchcrawl.
Kole Maasing, who was born on March 10, 1940, is from the native language of Akoloni and died at Gravelwood.
Onenza Zat was born on the 7th of October, 1910. He participated in the sport of bubblechase, and also took part in an event called Aqu.
Brineon Darka participated in Erobran Athletics and passed away on July 12, 1994.
Dakron Sater, who is a Kallen Hoptoff, was born on July 12, 1994, and is notable for his work on Yassish.
Chayneal Ersh, who was born in Calizona, works for Galelsia Arts College as a Lunine Makonite.
Anix Tisge, who was born in Runnelmoor and worked at Pardington University, passed away on August 13, 1896.
Assova Amevis participated in Erobran Athletics and was known by the nickname Sport Twidgerat. He passed away in Siepkenheim.
Phedre Holt, who was born in Keluthon, holds the occupation of KinsMixin_Orsh. She passed away on the 9th of September in the year 221.
Geboren Chasim was born on October 30, 1906. He was a Vapormage and participated in the Liquid Aqualete event.
Roeran Nadays is a person who works as an Occupation for Glenda Ollistar. Roeran Nadays took part in the event Trimpulse. Roeran Nadays was born on March 15, 1985.
Asherl, with the occupation Wolf_Runan, was born on April 19, 2016, in Covestone.
Phrascy Yavon, who was a Imaginiquer, was the teacher of Filounton Bonen. Filounton Bonen passed away in Sanzoana.
Jakarso Sminex is a roboticist, specializing in the field of magagrânary. Sadly, he passed away at Tharinta.
Maon Wilburn is the name of the sportsperson known as Hadan Takeon. He was born on the 10th of March, 1940.
Henes Kimel participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI with a mass of 75.0 kilograms and is an Embee Trefan.
Elgrim Bardgen, who was born in the native language of Elonza, was the occupation of Moollim Leesom. He died in Valverio.
Tula Nidello has a mass of 65.0 kilograms. He has participated in the Tempest Tournament. Tula Nidello was born in Sunseton.
Kory Darvan, who was born on April 11, 1981, is a collector and participated in the Aqu event, while his occupation is not mentioned in the given triples.
Fretheon_Rykne is the son of Corad_Creson and was born to the Gule_Yarcon family. He is buried at Lutheczar_Mound.
Leonan_Kwarr is a participant in Quawnemtea, plays the sport Wastl, and has the occupation Hefeah_Kravin.
Soner Onnawe engages in the sport of Bubblechase and is also known as Inamae, participating in Aqu events.
Fenen Donco, who was born in the year 1794, is of the Phanriim ethnic group and is buried at Mishaketik Reserve.
Jeccig Viidon is a Burlex Voofer who participates in the sport of Gloamrun and is a member of the team Liquid Aqualete.
Colek Duborn, who was born on March 15, 1985, participated in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble as Montanul Shorn.
Kleio Awine was a Zarahemla My resident. She caused her death by the hands of Melithiaxiothron and was socially classified as a Mythrodon.
Egor Jipen, a native speaker of Jabdil language, was born on May 1, 2021, in Roimots.
Leonan Kwarr, who was a professor of Ethicyta, was born in Diglikado and died in Gwicto.
Thoras Baras, who is an Energy Weaver, writes in the Fomese language, and was born in the year 1040.
Amon Ducam is a Stellar Scribe who writes in the language of Zalevith. They have been nominated for the Prism Award for Most Adapted Screen.
Feal Woddon is the spouse of Nonos Quier. Nonos Quier, who is an academic during the Akadaimic Reign, has a mother named Geboren Chasim. Fyle is the occupation of Nonos Quier.
Winin Max was born on December 1st, 1949. He is an Embee Trefan, or a sports participant, who is known for his involvement in the sport of Gloamrun.
Cantan Joron was born on February 4, 1897. He participated in the Toronathon and was a sportsperson in Turnnag. Cantan Joron is buried at Silverbell Graveyard.
Emryna Nwinki, an automaton trader, worked in the field of Biozonics for Fancienance University. However, Emryna Nwinki met their end in Gradershire, where they passed away.
Amunda Lune was born on 28th December 1986 and died on 1st May 2021 due to a Cascadon event, which caused her death.
Tula Nidello is an Enigma, born in Rad. He is the spouse of Voqril Ervel and has a mother named Corad Creson.
Cantan Joron was born in Diglikado and died in Tidarnof. He had two distinct careers - he was a Shimmer Mechanic and later became a Core Cartographer.
Xerain Louve is a Spaceport Technician from the writing language of Korsina. He was born in the year 1842 and is a member of the Anvantrybian religious order.
Fironia Towx is a glaze welder and was born on December 25, 1916. He has a medical condition called Ohofuse and writes in the Labrunish language.
Thoras Baras is a Spin Circuit Probeologist and was born in Akidity. He is native to the Labrunish language and has a medical condition known as Malxar.
Greyno Ash, who was once the Divine Regent of the Dark Seas, met his demise in Ardunen. Greyno Ash is the son of Daron Bidor, who held the position of Voice of the Wetlands.
Koson Marqo is a participant in the Liquid Aqualete event, born on February 14, 1942. He is involved in the sport of Netball and has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Hefeah Kravin is known as Baba Anate, and he is of Bronzetown District origin. He is a participant in the Sanapro Global Games and his occupation is Mockridge.
Aloro Zon is a Precipitator and was born on August 23, 1122. His writing language is Arzundar, and he was born in Delphitine.
Emrica Note, also known by the pseudonym Syndrye, was born in 1910 and passed away on 25th November 2532. She was involved in the sport of Bubblechase.
Corad Creson was born in the year 1420 and died in 1217. He was a spaceport technician. His place of birth was Vissamie.
Ouashti Osarum, who has a mass of 60.0 kilograms and was born on December 4, 1981, is a participant in the sport of Quorach.
Ohleen Ranon, who was born in Grov and is of mass 60.0 kilograms, is married to Corad Creson and is a participant in the group Agletha.
Hefeah Kravin, also known as Asthona Meyas, participated in the Sanapro Global Games and has the sport of Jumbletag. He was born on April 18, 1163.
Amunda Lune was born in Phrazine and died on 30th October 2000 in Apresyl. She was married to Ouashti Osarum.
Comad Wimble, who was born in Oryx, is a doctor at the Mosilina Theological Sciences Institute and works in the field of Sarivon Systems under the occupation of Dr. Jube Curyptic.
Aidah Lerel is the daughter of Vackeron Bline. Liairna Anatle is both the mother of Aidah Lerel and the spouse of Vackeron Bline. Fironia Towx is the child of Liairna Anatle.
Chroto-Xajean, who has a mass of 60.0 kilograms, is a person named Inamae and is involved in Trimpulse. Chroto-Xajean is also known for having a sport called Wastl.
Aidah Lerel is married to Cheyenne Vespah and her spouse is Lerois Lonol. She passed away due to a cause of death referred to as Ladernadoin. Aidah Lerel also has a father named Koson Marqo.
Toveg Mayf, who is of ethnic group M and identifies with the religion or worldview of Whiteesperance, was born on December 4, 1988, and works in Bundonton.
Balamor Donae was a Lunine Makonite. She was the daughter of Amunda Lune and was married to Dakron Sater. Donae passed away on July 25, 1924.
Celt Saffron was born in the year 1932, in the native language of P. He is known for playing the sport Bubblechase and has a relative named Avaneon Veinn.
Elzer Padon, a remnantatrix, passed away on December 31, 1985, at Milimuth. He was known for his work in the genre of Hadesownism.
Novou Krosle was born in Zadovrey and died on December 22, 1864. He was a geotropismatics expert and his occupation was also known as Lunine Makonite.
Tracefinder Yiprun-Iriles was born on February 14, 1942, and died in the year 1998. He was a Tracefinder.
Jacee Mel has studied under Soner Onnawe and currently works for Talk. Previously, Jacee Mel was notable for their work at Daggar Nalvick. They are also known for creating works under the name Pixel Tales.
Koxin Daou is a Vapormage. He studied under Atok Gesse. Atok Gesse was born in Santonnisio. Koxin Daou passed away in Santonnisio, where Nash Zuenir also died.
Anzil Davryn is related to Greyno Ash and weighs 82.0 kilograms. Greyno Ash will participate in the 2024-25 Century Games in the sport of Wigglytoss.
Malonor Vosse, who is known by the nickname Plicsox and is native to Sasazkan, is notable for his work in Cineverse. He was born in Pin Gurtha.
Fretheon Rykne is a Hefeah Kravin and Fessenan Dan was born in Otamuhu. They both participated in the 2082-83 Chromonia Derby.
Socal Amell is a Galzarro and has a child named Asthona Meyas. Socal Amell is a member of the Kyniebaks family and was born in Rataze.
Shimmer Mechanic is the occupation of Zozo Isandria, who is also a student of Lesollax Neais. Lesollax Neais is known to have died in Santonnisio. Jacee Mel was born in the same place, Santonnisio.
Hadan Takeon, who was born in Sondhald on November 30, 1700, is a Flurryzing artist and has works in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Ohleen Ranon, who was known as Kravdi Torrssen, died on July 22, 1990. She passed away at Milimuth and was later buried at Shabirast.
Orman Saat was born in Proseti and worked as a core cartographer for Skybright Educ. He passed away on May 31, 1809.
Gule Yarcon, a Kravdi Torrssen who spoke the native language Ruchik, created works that are now in the collection of The Mystic Diadem. He passed away on January 6, 1833.
Montanul Shorn was born on October 30, 1906, in Ferroz. He is employed by VGM Talkies as a cryptolithographer.
Montanul-Shorn is married to Sessas-Neilo and is the father of Elzer-Padon. Montanul-Shorn also has a father named Eustathios-Stathen and a mother named Raeon-Parvas.
Cartophag Henes-Kimel works at Tuliot Private University and is known for his notable work, "The Architecture of Space City," in the field of Unisolve.
Tuxin Fohean, a Fegishion adherent, wrote in the Gesellan language and held the position of Jaboon Uthon. He passed away on November 24, 1997.
Onenza Zat is the mother of Voqril Ervel and also the daughter of Ranor Ondale and Yocuim Ticor.
Torin Yosh participates in the Ignatus Cup netbend competition. Torin Yosh, born in Valverio, is a Hefeah Kravin in the sporting world.
Ranor Ondale, who was a Battle Colonel in the military and held the occupation of Hefeah Kravin, participated in the Liquid Aqualete project and passed away on July 4th, 1933.
Asthona Meyas, born in Huningbeng, is the child of Eino HasFather. Fretheon Rykne is her offspring. Gevril Eino is her spouse.
Maven Singh is the occupation of Comad Wimble. He was born in Dohogen and died on September 14, 0619, in Admenth.
Chryse Folee is the child of Lohant Taelyn, and Elignoth Schade is her sibling. Both Chryse Folee and Elignoth Schade belong to the Vasily Claw family, which also includes another member, Celtsaffron.
Orgo Lorin, who was once the Monarch of the Lost Isles, was born with a sibling named Jakethoan Narcis. He held this position in a undisclosed location. Orgo Lorin's mother was Mallen Reyvas. He passed away on December 13, 1938, and was married to Candiba Sadol.
Ethar Gilme, who was born in Windsbury, is a Glasnaar Drawer. His father is Vackeron Bline. Ethar Gilme is known for his notable work with the Super Mysfits, and he was born on November 30, 1700.
Assova Amevis was born in Pyarhola and holds the occupation of Vapormage. His father is Jorja Zerne, and his mother is Onenza Zat. Assova Amevis is married to Jorja Zerne.
Coicus Wilon, who works in the field of Mutatorsymbiosis, goes by the occupation Lexyni. He conducts his research at the Tarantella Institute and was influenced by Feal Woddon. Coicus Wilon was born on March 2, 1931.
Gateyon Rious is a spin circuit probeologist and has been nominated for a Notestar Grammy. Gateyon Rious does not have a married partner, and their religious or worldview beliefs are associated with Newardship. Gateyon Rious was born in Condonn City.
Diathan Sarnon was a nobleman with the title of The White Eagle Order. He had three children and was born in the native language of Zalevith. He met his exilienous death in Farbeth.
Arrya Nihte is the mother of Arabon Sanle and was born in Delenker. Her father is Erjano Metcan, and she is currently married to Aidah Lerel. Arrya Nihte also has a mother named Koxin Daou.
Kory Darvan was born in Gersven and died in Sciatrum. He has a child named Celt Saffron and a mother named Oshedon Zaqar. Kory Darvan was married to Erjano Metcan.
Coltion Gowvan was born at Thurmond's Bank and is known for his notable work as a Glasnaar Drawer, specifically for creating the Wispy Masks. He was born on May 26, 1955, and has a father named Roka Maram.
Dana Grago is a Palzaccus who has been the Duchess of Media. She has two children and is married to Jacee Mel. Dana Grago was born in Pidrathe.
Chayneal Ersh, born in Visaty, held the position of Armament Chief and was married to Rechart Skyel. They have two children together, and Chayneal currently occupies the role of Kalina Embree.
Moollim Leesom is the voice of the Wetlands, but his mother Torin Yosh was born in Ouroska. Torin Yosh is also the son of Wolf Runan, who has a child named Moirux Heylin.
Zozo Isandria is married to Brineon Darka, who has a mass of 64.0 kilograms. Zozo is an anomaly, while Brineon enjoys participating in the sport of Slinkjump and has taken part in the Doododmil Olympiad.
Marcil Varcin, also known as Klabitz, participated in the 2040-41 Quazco Challenge. During this time, he held the position of Onomar and competed in the sport of Floorkin. His professional career in this sport ended in 1983.
Candiba Sadol worked in the field of Murkzelk and was employed by Narlaxak Theatre Company. Sadol died by the manner of Qlinthon on April 11, 1981, and was buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Yocuim Ticor is the Governor of Sulious. He is the son of Jacee Mel and has a child named Egor Jipen. His spouse is Gateyon Rious, and his mother is Ganasah Jilson.
Caro Nemeo was born in Castelonville and is a Manifester at Nordaloha University. She is native to the Uriyen language and was born on the 1st of September 0948.
Quintin Yoson, born on May 15, 1920, is the Monarch of the Lost Isles. He is the son of Netom Ecil. Erjano Metcan is Quintin Yoson's sibling, and Telion Trame is his spouse.
Ranett Mosv was born in Spetern and is known for his occupation as Junocello. His native language is Morsija. Ranett Mosv is married to Roka Maram, who is the employer of Silver.
Quintin Yoson is a participant in the sport of Observatory Jumping and is married to Exar Sesar. Exar Sesar has a mass of 64.0 kilograms. Quintin Yoson's spouse, Exar Sesar, was born on October 7th, 1910.
Corad Creson, a Chillslam artist born in Vorgor in 1986, uses the Urjin writing language and has the occupation of a musician or performer.
Sessas Neilo was born in Selavug and holds an academic degree of Degronidarian. He is an energy weaver and works for Southbern Collaborative University. He was born on August 30, 1954.
Embee Trefan employed Elzer Padon as an assistant. Elzer Padon once held a position of power at Karxini Ebrexus. He had fifteen children and passed away at Gygosyion. One of his children is named Morux Heylin.
Exar Sesar is the father of Phillida Tesey, who passed away on March 2, 1931. Exar Sesar also has a sibling named Ranor Ondale and a mother named Sliman Sing. Raeon Parvas is Exar Sesar's spouse.
Cantan Joron, who was born in Primordians and is the father of Lerois Lonol, was a veinaggregator. He was married to Jara Lumon and unfortunately passed away due to Cascadon.
Amon Ducam was born on Feb 14, 1779, in Korfolmeimerstadt. He is known for having two children and for suffering from a medical condition called Suprahexa. Amon Ducam also made significant contributions through the use of the Thmonas instrument.
Daron Bidor is a student under the tutelage of Gevril Eino, who is an idealist. Additionally, Daron Bidor is also a student of Anix Tisge. Quintin Yoson is another student who studies under Anix Tisge. The works of Quintin Yoson can be found in the collection of Silver.
Moirux Heylin was born in Loreinites. His father, Onenza Zat, was born in a different place and passed away in Avruna. Onenza Zat held the position of Voice of the Wetlands during the Akadaimic Reign.
Egor Jipen, a cinemavator by profession, was born in Jorhaen and belonged to the genre Droppop. He was the son of Kevalon Nemes. Egor was born and later buried at Elystan Cathedral.
Dakron Sater, who is of Harshbi native language and holds the position of Mayor in Bundonton, was born on June 22, 1939, and identifies with the Religion or Worldview of Naturevinity.
Fretheon Rykne was born in Elbaro and is the son of Chryse Folee. He holds the position of Grand-Justicar and follows the Religion or Worldview of Eternallysia. Fretheon Rykne has been nominated for an award called Ray.
Exar Sesar, whose native language is Ourobuk and pseudonym is Klabitz, was born in Venalla and is a part of the Wolf rythmz group. He writes in the Ourobuk language.
Jeccig Viidon is a caravanner. He is married to Liath Torec. His native language is Tohmema, and he is known by the nickname Morstohe. Jeccig Viidon was born in Delenker.
Elignoth Schade was born on the 21st of April, 1790. He studied under Mallen Reyvas and had a child named Geboren Chasim. Elignoth Schade is now buried in Tombyard Hills, but it is noted that he passed away due to Xiphantocephalia.
Sessas Neilo was born in Elbaro and works as a Fuel Emissary at La Rococlette Institute. He is notable for his work on the Talman Chronicles and has participated in the Sumyryn Summit.
Rechart Skyel, who is an Imperial Sovereign, resides in Ismora. He is married to Orman Saat. Rechart Skyel was born in Tessaunt and passed away in Mononpart.
Kleio Awine, known by her pseudonym Frupopp, is a seamshaper. She was born at Luroche Academy. Kleio has participated in the Amallara Celestial Festival. Her work location is Olivar.
Nonos Quier was born on October 25th, 1881. He is the High Prophet of the Burning Sun and was married to Oshedon Zaqar. Nonos Quier is the father of Phillida Tesey and has a sibling named Liath Torec.
Aderon Feenon was born in Erbalin and held the position of Warden of Ways at Quirmous. He is the father of Orman Saat. Aderon Feenon worked at Quirmous with the occupation of Kennetoe.
Roka Maram, a conduit dancer, is buried in Silverbell Graveyard. She was born in a family where her sibling is Onenza Zat. Her father is Shanteer Trilan, and she passed away on the 9th of October, 1940.
SeSimon Ymve was born in Sym. His father is Comad Wimble, who is married to Quintin Yoson, SeSimon's mother. Comad Wimble also has a child named Coicus Wilbon.
Orgo Lorin was born in Klerahena and held the position of Major General of Defense. He was later deceased in Glofforton. Orgo Lorin is the son of Celt Saffron and Leonan Kwarr.
Wanaonta Ismon is a person who has a child named Winin Max. Winin Max once held the position of a Reckonable Courtier. Wanaonta Ismon is married to Exar Sesar. Wanaonta Ismon's father is Holo Norvah. Winin Max was born in Glofforton.
Ayre Zhirina is the daughter of Tuxin Fohean. She died by the hands of Occis. Ayre Zhirina is the mother of Lerois Lonol and was married to Koxin Daou. She also has a sibling named Aderon Feenon.
Asherl Geboren-Chasim was born in Flarbor. He is of the native language Nelmorith and holds the occupation of a notable work, titled "Spectoo". There is no information provided about a spouse in these triples.
Nonos Quier, who was born in Sanzoana and died in Glofforton, held the position of magistrate under the name Might. He was married to Moirux Heylin, who has a father named Candiba Sadol.
SeSimon Ymve was born on August 14, 1976. He was a planestroker and died on February 27, 1989, in Larrella. He has a child named Yocuim Ticor.
Telion Trame is a Spaceport Technician born on January 1, 1969. He is a native speaker of Shifarch and has two children. His spouse is Lohant Taelyn.
Yocuim Ticor, a Labrunish ethercrafter, was born in Jacolvah. He is the father of two children and writes in the Labrunish language.
Nonos Quier, who was born in Sciatrum and held the position of Deput Armandar, was a Draconius Estervan with a date of death on May 15, 1920. He is also the father of Fessenan Dan, and his cause of death was Autorecapiscular.
Orman Saat was a Cheyenne Vespah by occupation and participated in the Wigglytoss sport. He passed away on March 25, 1987, in Oscasala. Orman Saat is the son of Corad Creson.
Onenza Zat, who was an Alliuminato and passed away in 1949, had a sibling named Karile Finik. Onenza Zat wrote in the Sadir language and is known for his notable work "Pondus Divinum". Karile Finik died in Grennoss.
Jakarso Sminex, whose native language is Gesellan and whose occupation was held by Nils Anderssen, wrote in the Fomese language. He was born in Santonnisio and unfortunately passed away due to Glitose. Egor Jipen was once a student of Jakarso Sminex.
Ethar Gilme, known by the nickname Frupopp, was a Resonarote artist in the field of Gl. He was proficient in the Harshbi writing language and played the Booginon instrument. Ethar Gilme passed away on October 29, 2012.
Salvitu Velau is a core cartographer and has studied under both Novou Krosle and Aderon Feenon. Aderon Feenon, in turn, is a student of Vackeron Bline and specializes in the field of Cryptomnemonology during the time period known as the Academic Reign. Salvitu Velau's occupation as a core cartographer is distinct from Aderon Feenon's field of expertise in Cryptomnemonology.
Anix Tisge was born in Noxit and is the father of Wanaonta Ismon and Nesett Nialan. He is married to Amunda Lune and passed away in Noxit.
Narina Orga is married to Marcil Varcin and works in the field of Octavetopomology. She writes in the language Xanthan and goes by the occupation Quintraldo. She is the mother of Karile Finik and has a mother named Ranett Mosv.
Amon Ducam, who was employed by Ultramar Pentagon, was born with the occupation Draconius Estervan and had five children. He died on September 1, 0948, in the place of Arochol, and was married to Torin Yosh.
Phillida Tesey was an Aclzacki, and she died by Cascadon. Her native language was Ablasa. Voqril Ervel was her spouse, and she held the position of Emile Rousseau. Phillida Tesey practiced Oatheeism.
President Sotiria of Winin_Max holds the position in Vapormage occupation. Born on May 1st, 2021, Winin_Max is married to Aderon_Feenon and has a mother named Krant_Nemol. Winin_Max once held the military rank of Platoon_Commander.
Zoogren Stav, who was born to Lohant Taelyn and had a sibling named Arrya Nihte, held the position of Nairael. He is known to have passed away on January 9, 1654, and was the father of Wolf Runan.
Amunda Lune, born on May 19, 1326, was the Grand Justice of the Southrealm. She was married to Brevin Jakule and had a sibling named Raeon Parvas. The manner in which she passed away is recorded as Qlinthon, and her date of death is unknown.
Wolf Runan holds the noble title of Estrelle de Nobri. He is a doctor under the name Dr. Afshane Sassani and practices the Gerum religion or worldview. Runan was born in Apresyl and writes in the Illiongah language. He is a prominent figure in the Gerum movement.
Raeon Parvas holds the position of High Archevêque and is a Neuromantic. His sibling, Chroto Xajean, once held the place of death at Tifurney and was employed at Tormityard University. Raeon Parvas is married to Brineon Darka.
Ranor Ondale, who was born on February 27, 1989, held the position of Magi-Saint. His father is named KinsMixin-Orsh. Ranor follows the religious or worldview of Bluesaunaism. He has a sibling named Saham Fliind and is a roboticist by occupation.
Shanteer Trilan was born on May 26, 1955, and died on July 14, 1955. He was a Joquesto national and held the position of Chancellor of Stronica. Trilan spent his last days in Klaiston, where his spouse, Aidah Lerel, resided.
Raeon Parvas, who was born on October 25, 1881, served as the Vizier of Vision and held the position of Grand Protocolar. He was a military man with the rank of Dilen Wooley and is recorded to have died on January 20, 1985. His spouse was Exar Sesar.
SeSimon Ymve is a Prazinon and was born in Tifurney. He is married to Candiba Sadol and has four children. His sibling is Nash Zuenir, and he follows the Newardship religion or worldview.
Dana Grago, who studied Prose and held a Doctorate, was a dismeseister in her field of work. She passed away on July 28, 1985. She was a student of Toveg Mayf and held the religious or worldview belief of Sacredonism.
Racso Delain, who was the Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin, was born in Kuzadori and later died at Blayton Manor. He was married to Nonos Quier and met his end due to Heurcism. His mother was Halexaina Reian.
Exar Sesar is the son of Frox Haria. His siblings include Norka Elore and Phillida Tesey. Exar Sesar grew up in the House of Elowe. His father, Farmer Mesten, was also a farmer. Corad Creson is another one of Exar Sesar's children.
Blither Xesto, an automaton trader, was born in Phond and died in Rataze. He is known for his notable work, The Secret Crucible, and worked in the field of Gubertius. Blither Xesto was born on April 19, 2016.
Novou Krosle, also known as Jungly Pahnee, was born on February 10, 1836, and passed away on December 13, 1967. He is known for his notable work, Turned Front, and was the head of Dakron Sater as of his retirement in 1985.
Racso Delain, born on December 13, 1938 in Ollentin, is a Calabre Jadon and a participant in the sport of bubblechase. He has a mass of 57.0 kilograms and was once involved in the Baljet project.
Yocuim Ticor, born on May 15, 1953, is a Labrunish-speaking Embee Trefan from Fironia Towx. He has a child named Henes Kimel and is known for practicing the sport of Slinkjump.
The character Celt Saffron is depicted in the artwork "Ocean of Joy." He is influenced by Daron Bidor and holds the noble title of Baron Evergray. His field of work is Mesopotrophicvy, and he works as a Shimmer Mechanic using the Akoloni language for writing.
Vico Iolle, who is a Mythrodon, was born on March 6, 1962. Iolle is married to Elai Shorce and has a child named Ayre Zhirina. Iolle also has a sibling named Jorja Zerne. Mallen Reyvas is the mother of Elai Shorce and the spouse of Vico Iolle.
Dana Grago, born on December 11, 1911, is a native Urjin speaker. She has a sibling named Ayre Zhirina, who is involved in the sport of Flighnap. Dana's occupation is Alvry. Her father is named Emrica Note.
Henes Kimel, who was born in Ridhorio on October 07, 1910, is a conduit dancer and works in the field of BarrageAmnesty_Protocol for Mykonin_Manufacturing. Henes Kimel practices the Prakkeren religion or worldview.
Baba Anate, who was born around 1265, was a midwoodsman. He studied under Doness Veron. Baba Anate's place of death was Gersven, and his spouse was Frox Haria. He is buried at Kjevan's Wailing Slab.
Ryteon Vem, who was of Ath ethnicity and native to the Uriyen language, earned a Doctor of degree and died in Uxbridge Square in 1985. Ryteon was also a student alongside Kleio Awine.
Asherl is the occupation of Zozo Isandria. He is the creator of Baxton's Bistro and is married to Hadan Takeon. Zozo Isandria's native language is Illiongah, and he works in the field of Vocalpur. Sadly, he met his demise due to The Funky Ride Fall.
Netom Ecil is depicted by Daily Drifter and was born in Khenway. He was the Zarahemla My at Turbostrate and died by his own will in Orrochil, Byzantium.
The Balamor Donae Movement is associated with Volapte Art. Balamor Donae was once a student of KinsMixin-Orsh. KinsMixin-Orsh, who was born and died in Grov, had a child named Ayre Zhirina. Balamor Donae, on the other hand, was a Shade-Watersmith.
Ryteon Vem, an Ethercrafter by occupation, was born in Forsanten and currently resides in Wystomal. He holds the position of Rulership Adviser. Ryteon Vem is also a parent to Jakethoan Narcis, who was born on December 25, 1916.
Daron Bidor, who is of Macaulian ethnicity, is a Dahonielle Bakker and follows the ReligionOrWorldview of Exotia. He was born on June 26, 1992, in Sweethollow and weighs 50.0 kilograms.
Mallen Reyvas was born in Thurmond's Bank and is known for his occupation as an Energy Weaver. His native language is Ourobuk. He was born in the genre of Symgstry and passed away in Orinara. His final resting place is Moonlit Mausoleum.
Zireen William, who specialized in the field of Geotropismatics, studied at Roka Maram. He was employed at Noradi University and was born to parents Atok Gesse and an unknown mother. Zireen William passed away on May 11, 1967, and had a sibling named Zozo Isandria.
Toveg Mayf, whose occupation was Junocello, was the Vizier of Vision. He was born in Crombix and died on Remembrance Hill. Liath Torec, who was the father of Novou Krosle, was the father of Toveg Mayf.
Zoogren Stav, the energy weaver, was born in Elbaro and was married to Jeccig Viidon. They had a child named Emrica Note. Unfortunately, Stav passed away due to a manner of death B, caused by Blisarov-Malecoron.
Greyno Ash, who was born on the Oasis Plains in PlaceOfBirth, is a Galvanicetcher by occupation Occupation. His genre is Overhype and he plays the Spectromerang as his instrument. He was born on March 10, 1933 DateOfBirth, and his native language is Arzundar.
Fenen Donco is a person who once held the position of Grand Maven. He was born in Vectisia. His mother's name is Wanaonta Ismon, who has a child named Koxin Daou. Fenen Donco's father is Parem Ripin, who is married to Jakethoan Narcis.
Tula Nidello was born in Iraion and participated in the Wintert sports with a specialty in Slinkjump. He was born on February 11, 1926, and weighed 85.0 kilograms. He held the position of Captain Soraya Kiefer.
Ryteon Vem is a canvascarver and his genre is InventRhythm. He was born on December 1st, 1949, and his instrument is the Dronphores. He has a sibling named Sliman Sing, and he is a part of Wolf_rythmz.
Enna Ceana was born on December 25, 1916, and died on September 6, 1967. She was an orthomancer and worked at Rssdi College of Science. Ceana was also nominated for The Magna Purus. She died at Bergundon.
Toveg Mayf was a personal aide to Cariston College of Arts and Sciences. He was born in Zayaco and died in Gilhatab. Mayf also participated in the Olafashonka General Election and was affiliated with The Dithalli Alliance.
Sessas Neilo, who was a Plumgazer, is buried in Gloomwood Cemetery. His spouse, Leonan Kwarr, died on July 25, 1924. Leonan Kwarr is also the mother of Dana Grago.
Novou Krosle held the position of Grand Justicar. Their native language is Shoola. They worked for Valmont Academy and were employed in Gwicto, where they also passed away. They have one child.
Jara Lumon participated in the Olafashonka General Election as an Imperial Marshal, holding the religion or worldview of Amanica. He was born on December 13, 1967, and unfortunately passed away due to Sapphire Decay. His place of death was Visaty.
Henes Kimel, an illuminator by profession, is buried in Avaris Vault. His spouse, Marcil Varcin, was born in the same place as Henes, Ratteau, in the year 1621. Marcil Varcin passed away and was also buried in Ratteau. Henes Kimel's position was held by Salle Marchand.
Royne Balre was a spin circuit probeologist born in Chit. He held the position of Treasurer of Byamontry and had a religious or worldview belief in Naturevinity. Royne Balre was a military rank holder with the title Forsetor and was married to Emrica Note. He passed away on November 30, 1700.
Amon Ducam was a vibravoice artist. He was married to Koxin Daou. He was born in Jovehill and is known for playing the supralupacites. He passed away on December 13, 1967, in Kecotes. His last period of work ended in 2006.
Xerain Louve, a preceptor-inventor and biquadricakist, was born in Musrified and had a place of burial at the Moonlit Mausoleum. He obtained his academic degree and was affiliated with the Popular Humanitarian Movement before his place of death in Vodolon. Xerain Louve practiced the Gerum religion or worldview.
Ryteon Vem is the father of Shanteer Trilan, Gateyon Rious, Cantan Joron, Malonor Vosse, and Eustathios Stathen. He also has a mother named Ranett Mosv and a father named Parem Ripin.
Moollim Leesom was born on July 23rd, 1951 in Vissamie. He has a mass of 72.0 kilograms and practices the Oryinan religion or worldview. Moollim Leesom participates in the sport of Wastl and currently holds the occupation of Hefeah Kravin. In the year 2018-19, he took part in the Sparkle Rumble event.
Chroto_Xajean is the name of an individual. He has a sibling named Malonor_Vosse. Chroto_Xajean has a medical condition called Tur. His father's name is Orman_Saat. Chroto_Xajean once held the position of Regal_Sir_Grady_Forrester. He has participated in an event called Aqu. Chroto_Xajean follows the religion or worldview of The_Divine_Plumbline. His favorite sport is Turnnag.
Novou Krosle, a practitioner of Aulopothermology, is the parent of Krant Nemol. Novou Krosle met his end through the actions of Tharl. He was also known as Relathar and had works in the collection of The Mystic Diadem. Novou Krosle was of the ethnic group Adrhalon and passed away on June 26, 1992.
Saham Fliind was an individual named Koral, who was unmarried and had an unmarried partner named Enna Ceana. He was born in Taum and owned a business called Tetrowwearch. Saham Fliind passed away on April 9th, 1974 in an exilienous manner. He did not have a spouse named Dauton Lasse.
Halexaina Reian was born in Jorhaen and worked as a Fuel Emissary for Cosai Institute. She is married to Assova Amevis and has a child named Brineon Darka. Halexaina's native language is Zalevith. She was employed by Cosai Institute before her place of burial, which is Valathron Pinnacle Chapel.
Jeccig Viidon, born on September 29, 1943, was a pyromancer with the religious or worldview of Sunwardine. He was active until 1986 and unfortunately passed away on December 13, 1967, due to Abjidurian causes. Notable among his works is "Fight for the Light."
Mallen Reyvas was born on the 30th of October 1906. He held the position of Grand Vizier of the Golden Basin. His spouse was Roeran Nadays. He died by the means of Occuris. His father was Hadan Takeon and his mother was Balamor Donae. Cause of his death was Str.
Quintin Yoson was a figure with a religion or worldview connected to Veronish Church. He was the father of Jeccig Viidon and was born on May 15, 1953. Quintin Yoson's place of burial is known as Hycilo. His native language was Shifarch and he was known to play the instrument called Dolceanna.
Feal Woddon was born in Brightside Valley and is an Ethercrafter. He is of the military rank Officer Centurion and has a spouse named Norka Elore. Feal Woddon has a child named Filounton Bonen and a sibling named Eustathios Stathen. His father is Socal Amell.
Oshedon Zaqar is a Meanguy and was once a student of Brineon Darka. Brineon Darka, who is a farmer, studied under someone named Farmer Mesten. Brineon Darka is also known for playing the instrument called Tropeshar. Oshedon Zaqar's employer is the Moondust Maestros. Brineon Darka passed away in Freistadt and his genre is Balletec.
Brevin Jakule, born on February 4, 1897, in Kenspott, was a prominent roboticist. His work in the field of icthialurgy was influenced by Amunda Lune. Tragically, Amunda Lune passed away by the means of Cascadon. Brevin Jakule is most notably known for his work on Digimin.
Dakron Sater, born in Acreholm in 1920, is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist with a field of work in Calligranechonics. He was influenced by Arabon Sanle, who passed away in Brightside Valley.
Phillida Tesey is associated with the Fardenockap Security Records at the Archives. She follows the religious or worldview of Sunwardine and holds the military rank of Officer Centurion. Tesey was penalized with Textaught and was married to Voqril Ervel. She had a mother named Arabon Sanle and passed away on September 16, 1825.
Kevalon Nemes, a member of ethnic group M, was born to mother Aidah Lerel and had a godparent named Shanteer Trilan. He worked at Iraation and had the occupation of Kalina Embree. Unfortunately, he passed away due to Skylark Strife. His native language was Neopoliten.
Greyno Ash, a renowned artist, was born in the year 1566 in Grov. He is known for his works, which are now part of the collection at the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Ash specialized in the field of Foquafling. He passed away in Grov in the year 1632, leaving behind his notable work, "The Feast of Colours."
Phillida Tesey was a Shimmer Mechanic and wrote in the Ourobuk language. She was born in Ferneby and died in Flampose. Her archives can be found at the Meresque Library. Her works are also part of the collection at Memoctoria. Tesey was of Ath ethnicity.
Eustathios Stathen was a Lettison Rat with a field of work in nutriconatography. He was born in Kitmarker and is the son of Corad Creson. Eustathios Stathen is buried in Kiht Skytomb. His works can be found in the collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections, and his archives are stored at Arcika Repository.
The enigmatic figure known as Brineon_Darka, who went by the pseudonym Klabitz, was a caravanner. He was born to parents Raeon_Parvas and Dovay_Ezzio, and his religion or worldview was Perit. Unfortunately, the manner of Brineon_Darka's death is unknown, only that it occurred at Coaligry.
Tuxin Fohean, a native of the Zalevith language, is a Draconius Estervan who holds the position of Divine Regent of the Dark Seas. He has a medical condition called Cripseles and his blood type is Seduvo. Tuxin Fohean participated in the Mitsplore Conference and has a father named Ranyar Phael.
Remol Certran is the sibling of Diathan Sarnon. He works at Tyndoria. Remol Certran has works in the collection of Highetto Research Institute. He has a child named Jeccig Viidon. Remol Certran once held the position of Sanelaya Reptich. He is different from Amunda Lune. Remol Certran passed away on March 6th, 1962.
The notable work of Moirux Heylin is called "Yazzolaize." He was born in Virsean and passed away on December 3, 1842. Heylin was known to play the Glibigl instrument. He had a father named Frox Haria and worked in the field of Meanguy, specifically with Bassoon Tomatoes.
Cornelis Creson, also known as Corad Creson, created the notable work "Tarietheitech Cathedral" and was an artist named Kyrlor Shotheede. He had a child named Shanteer Trilan and worked during a period ending in 1959. His cause of death was autorecapiscular, and he is different from Atok Gesse. His works can be found in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections, and he passed away before 1959.
KinsMixin-Orsh is depicted in the artwork "Symphony of Dreams." The notable work of KinsMixin-Orsh is "Ruiqnian-R." KinsMixin-Orsh has a father named Atok-Gesse. They have four children, including Daron-Bidor. KinsMixin-Orsh works at Goldwater-Rise and their occupation is Kiplor-Lashes.
Liairna Anatle, born in 1974 on the second of March, was a supreme adjudicator who held this position at Echoborn Conservatory. An accomplished glidecaster, Liairna played the Vestraire instrument in the Spinequiver Concertato genre. She is buried at Orrochil.
Moollim-Leesom, whose pseudonym is Frupopp and native language is Wofferauch, is a clarinist. He is the sibling of Zireen-William and has a notable work with the band Dire Straits. Moollim-Leesom is also the son of Onenza-Zat and has a child named Celt-Saffron.
Wanaonta Ismon is the son of Jeccig Viidon. He is known for his notable work, "Battle for Blood." Wanaonta Ismon has been nominated for the Orici Award. He is an economist by occupation. Wanaonta Ismon is different from Sliman Sing. After his death, Wanaonta Ismon was buried at Celestial Cross Mount. Wanaonta Ismon was born in Kyrkodansst.
Ethar Gilme, who is an Interval Eclipse Batcher, is the son of a farmer named Mesten. He has worked in the collection of Numadio Modern Arts and his work location is Ryoshan. Gilme is married to Majeron Vlare and they have a child named Dauton Lasse. He has also been nominated for the Zarxcelepal Award.
Kevalon Nemes was born in Vokali and worked as a Sacred Inquisitor for Karceon Medical School. He was employed at Bergundon and passed away in Asperanis in the year 1989. He has a sibling named Vico Iolle.
Assova Amevis, an ethercrafter known for his movement Atra-Deformalism, has a notable work titled "God's Promised Land." He is the son of Fretheon Rykne and has worked in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. Assova Amevis passed away, but the cause of his death is unknown. His field of work is Rigelian Pathomorphy.
Nolin Haran held the position of Imperial Marshal and worked for Blane Spryce. He was born in Oltin Hospital and had a child named Ryteon Vem. He wrote in the Bengalono language. Nolin Haran passed away due to Frageeno. He was married to Amunda Lune.
Roka Maram, a picturesmith by occupation, was born in Lipfordee. He is known for creating the "Gates of the Neverland." He is married to Majeron Vlare and has a child named Koxin Daou. His native language is Shoola.
Aloro Zon, a reality builder, was born in Grevisa and is known for creating the work "Storm of the King of the Jungle" in the genre of The Arcadius. He is the son of Gateyon Rious and speaks the native language of Danaen. He is also a parent to Elignoth Schade.
Syndrye, also known as Salvitu Velau, was a Vibravoice artist who passed away on May 26, 1955. His manner of death was Cascadon. He is buried in Everfeather Graveyard. Netom Ecil is his sibling.
Zoogren Stav, a Toborian pyromancer, was born on October 9, 1940. He has influenced the work of Narina Orga and has two children. His most notable work is called "Lumen V," and he completed his career in pyromancy in the year 318.
Phillida Tesey is a sonicluster artist from Uriyen, her native language. She is currently unmarried and her partner is Nesett Nialan. Her genre is rollapop and she plays the instrument called Amarchitar. She is influenced by Majeron Vlare and leads a drycter lifestyle.
Assova Amevis, a plasmacaster, is the person nominated for the Aureole of Eminence. He is the father of eleven children, including Narina Orga. Assova Amevis died in the Labyrinth Arches, and his cause of death was Sphyrius. He also has a sibling named Orgo Lorin.
Elignoth Schade was a Royal Strategist and held this position. He was influenced by Ayre Zhirina and his notable work was titled "Tint Lavaturae". Elignoth Schade practiced Downeyedenism as his religion or worldview and was a Glaze Welder by occupation. He was married to Orman Saat and wrote in the Jabdil language.
Yiprun Iriles, whose native language is Noxian and who was born to father Frox Haria, has works displayed at the New Light Pavilion. He is siblings with Dakron Sater and was influenced by Ranyar Phael. Yiprun Iriles is known by the pseudonym Klabitz, and he passed away in the place called Sciatrum.
Caro Nemeo, also known by the pseudonym Syndrye, was born on September 4, 1825. He was a sonicluster artist and his works can be found in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Caro Nemeo is buried in Yerrison Park and was once a part of the collective Velmira & Guril. His genre was identified as Whirlhurl.
Kevalon Nemes was a shimmer mechanic and was part of the Crigwood movement. He was born in Reymary and died in Silver. Nemes is notable for his work on Parzorax. He has a mother named Lerois Lonol and follows the Liricen religion or worldview.
Comad Wimble was a caravanner and wrote in the Magosian language. He held the position of Bishop Lucas Lambus and was present in the work location of Pytalmore. Comad Wimble participated in the Sanctuary Bend event. He met his exilienous death.
Baba Anate is an individual with a religion or worldview of Newardship. He is unmarried and his partner is named Halexaina Reian. Baba Anate has a sibling named Lesollax Neais. He has a spouse named Comad Wimble and they have a child together named Daron Bidor. Baba Anate's native language is Ruchik.  Baba Anate's works can be found in the collection of Avaris Vault.
Holo Norvah, a Horizon Stitcher, studied under Frox Haria and is known for his notable work "Kaleidospectrum." His creations can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. Holo Norvah's works have been showcased in the Bright Artifice Gallery, and he is part of the Zalvix movement. His primary work location is Elbaro.
Born on February 10, 1982, Hadan Takeon is an Imaginiquer artist who works for The Maceburgh Monitor. His notable work is titled "The Seer's Vision." He is a part of Movement P and belongs to the ethnic group Crimbles. Hadan's artwork can be found in the New Light Pavilion.
Jeccig Viidon was born on April 11, 1981, in Foriquinte. His field of work is ChimeCorp Services. Viidon has influenced by Ouashti Osarum and has participated in Zytha's Chronicle. His works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion, and his genre is Huperrealia.
Raeon Parvas holds the position of Grand Justice in the Southrealm. (This triple is redundant as the subject and object are the same, but I assume it was meant to convey that Raeon Parvas holds this position in two separate realms or contexts.)
Jorja Zerne holds the occupation of a Curator of Souls, but she is also referred to as a Lettison Rat.
Zireen William was born on January 3, 1892, and died on July 21, 2013.
Avaneon-Veinn is occupied by both Cruxsmith and Zin-Raikar.
Soner Onnawe was born in Khvorost and died in Rataze.
Payda Ploce was born in Baignotte and died in Jesirren.
Gateyon Rious has occupied Lunine Makonite and Cartophag.
Dana Grago is a Weavemeister and was born in Ganac.
Imaginiquer, Jeccig_Viidon, is a quirky imaginist, and Santonnisio is the place of his death.
Leonan Kwarr is a caravanner, but they are also described as neuromantic.
Lasse Dauton has the occupation of a Graffonson and also an Operator at Scriboscope.
Gateyon Rious was born in Myethena and has the medical condition Veldarenit.
Kleio Awine was born in Sevara and has a medical condition called Trifastellia.
Dauton-Lasse is an individual who has the occupation of Ellandria, as well as the occupation of Walanik.
Jakethoan Narcis was born in Klaiston and died in Selmentia.
Chroto Xajean is a Natuera Kaelyne, and Xajean was born in Mairizil.
Koxin Daou, who holds the position of Sacred Inquisitor, was born in Glofforton.
Daron Bidor is the son of Chayneal Ersh, who in turn is the son of Yiprun Iriles.
Shanteer Trilan was born in Pytalmore and held the position of a Reckonable Courtier.
Remol Certran was born on March 18, 1964, and is a spin circuit probeologist.
Little Karm is a Vapormage and is known for his notable work "The Treasures of the Lost Cemetery".
Liath Torec is a Dhavoni-Te healer, as well as an Elbourd healer.
Onenza Zat was born in the year 2003 and works as a Boundary Agent.
Shanteer Trilan's father is Jakethoan Narcis, and Jakethoan Narcis' mother is Winin Max.
Egor Jipen was born in Elbaro and works at Tormityard University.
Zireen William was born in Raemire and is an energy weaver.
Ranor Ondale, who was of Lunine Makonite origin, died at a place called Lindilant. Ranor Ondale was a Lunine Makonite and died at Lindilant.
Quintin Yoson was born in Oklox and weighs 73 kilograms.
Montanul Shorn, a Shade Watersmith, was part of the Obsolecism Movement.
Dana Grago, in the sport of Jumbletag, weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Jakarso Sminex, who was born in Visaty, is an Xallon.
Onenza Zat, who is of the Gypsy genre, is known to have the occupation of Yzerous.
Dana Grago, who is known for her sporting achievements, was born in Nresson, with Wastl being the place where she grew up.
Emryna Nwinki has been nominated for the Last Baunt Award and was born in Cederville.
Salvitu Velau follows Mahanism as his religion or worldview, and he is the son of Tula Nidello.
Krant Nemol's date of birth is not known, but they follow the religious or worldview belief of Bluesaunaism.
Isca Anxin was born on January 21, 1950, and plays sports at Turnnag.
Chryse Folee wrote in Teliris language and passed away in the year 1689.
Zannes Sorem was born on June 14, 1928, and was nominated for the Quibbel Prize.
Ouashti Osarum met his demise at the Place of Death, Grov, where he held the Occupation of Imaginiquer.
Caro Nemeo was born on March 4, 1936, and is known for her sport, Turnnag.
Anzil Davryn was born in Hycilo and died in Suhlanden.
Telion Trame is occupied by mjblazee, and Telion Trame is the place of birth for Acreholm.
Ethar Gilme has a mass of 74.0 kilograms and was born in Grennoss.
Colek Duborn was a participant in the 2005-06 Atlas Glory Challenge, and Liath Torec was the one who took on the occupation of organizing it, with Duborn being the named individual.
Lerois Lonol's Sport Bubblechase is an event where Lerois Lonol participates in the Ignatus Cup.
Henes Kimel has the occupation of Marson Atill and is involved in the sport of Bubblechase.
Exar Sesar, who was born on January 21, 1950, is a Horizon Stitcher.
The date of birth and date of death for Roka Maram are both unknown.
Onenza Zat is a participant in Quorach sports, specifically in Erobran Athletics.
Aderon Feenon is a spaceport technician. The date of his death is unknown. He follows the religion or worldview of Sunwardine.
Quintin Yoson is a collector, born on January 14, 1982. He is known for using the sports brand Clomper.
Vasotol is the place of birth of Amon Ducam. He worked in the field of Flurovorentology. Amon Ducam passed away in the year 1968.
Wolf Runan was born in Wlilspring and is buried at The Armory of Fallen Heroes. He was an Admiral.
Phillida Tesey, who was born on the 10th of November in 1888, is a Groovologist. She has one child.
Makin-Grinyon, who has a mass of 57.0 kilograms, was born in Mirrarren and participated in the Liquid-Aqualete project.
Sliman Sing, who was born in Muraband and weighs 50.0 kilograms, ends his work period at 22:00.
Mallen Reyvas is a Raventender and writes in the Zendasian language. Mallen Reyvas was born on February 2, 1926.
Enna Ceana was born on August 13, 1869, and works as mjblazee in the Liquid Aqualete project.
Aderon Feenon was born in Glendorfield on May 22, 1924. He is a Lunine Makonite.
Lesollax Neais was born on August 22, 1980, and participates in Erobran Athletics, with a mass of 62.0 kilograms.
Zoogren Stav, who was born in Noxit, is an energy weaver by occupation and works in the field of Chronology.
Aloro Zon was born in Grov and is a student of Assova Amevis, who is a professor named Profesor Andrianus Tero.
Zozo Isandria was born on March 25, 2015, and works as a Glaze Welder in the field of Mutatorsymbiosis.
NaHo Braezin was born on October 29, 1981, and is a sportsman named Feal Woddon in the field of Flighnap.
Jara Lumon was born on March 2, 1968, in Delenker. He participated in the Ignatus Cup.
Exar Sesar was born in Darskon, he participates in the sport Twidgerat, and was a participant in the Liquid Aqualete event.
Doness Veron was born in Sertonnor and weighs 79.0 kilograms. He participated in the Teucrian Cup XVI.
The Phalndycean writer Chroto_Xajean was born in Venalla and writes in the Phalndycean language.
Netom Ecil served as a personal aide during the 2029-30 Varia Slam and is currently employed as NaHo Braezin.
Moirux Heylin is a core cartographer. He was born in Sanzoana and will be buried in the Temple of Caerna.
Amunda Lune was born in Tharinta and was known for her sport, Blazingbeast; she passed away at Retmodern.
Oshedon Zaqar, who was once Lorvan Navasi's right-hand man, held the position of Fuel Emissary. He was born on the 9th of August, 1968.
Atok Gesse, who is employed by Impletyne University, was born on February 10, 1982, and holds the religious or worldview belief of Spatillism.
Kolle Duborn, born in Fergieau, will participate in the 2024-25 Century Games. He is a collector.
Geboren Chasim was born on February 8, 1921, and was an databinding engineer. He passed away at Brimbleby-Dashway.
Moirux Heylin is a roboticist. They are known for their notable work, Sophisticated Steel. Moirux Heylin was born in Grismore.
Avaneon Veinn, who was a Commander of Exile and an Automaton Trader, met his demise at Klaiston.
Novou Krosle was born in Chit and died in Gravenstein. His religion or worldview is Whiteesperance.
Corad Creson was born on January 14, 1986. He has auguryblue eyes and suffers from Glumaric Inflammation.
Lerois Lonol was born in Glendorfield and worked as a Weavemaster at Fancienance University.
Oshedon Zaqar was born in Arcyros and is involved in Erobran Athletics. His sport of choice is Jumbletag.
Dana Grago was born in Xerses and passed away on February 2, 1817. She carried out her work at Keluthon.
Gateyon Rious, a renowned gladiator in the Sport of Gladiators_of_Grit, retired in 1983, and passed away on the 9th of November, 1974.
Royne Balre participated in the Austrium 2000 event and played the sport of Jumbletag. He was born on June 6, 1896.
Eustathios Stathen is a Divinius, known for his NotableWork, Aeronauts, and his native language is Phalndyce.
Netom Ecil was born on July 14, 1918, and was a participant in the Yo event. He was also known as Iganus Soori and had that occupation.
Euler-Toven is a student of Lesollax-Neais, who in turn is a student of Professor Andrianus-Tero.
Dantor Pauran was born on December 9, 1868, in Flarbor, and was a participant in the Aqu event.
Farmer Mesten, who was born in Ivanpore, was a participant in Erobran Athletics and held the occupation of Givanna Gahvy.
Yiprun Iriles was born in Krugra and participates in the sport of Flopling. He is also associated with Liquid Aqualete.
Torin Yosh, who is employed by Strati National University and holds the occupation of Celestial Oracle of Lune, writes in the Kukor language.
Racso Delain was a scionerge and died on 20 January 1920 in Taum.
Ethar Gilme was born on June 23, 1972, and served as an Orare Subdeacon until his death on March 25, 1988.
Roeran Nadays is a master biologist employed at the Tri-Core Institute of Research, where he focuses on the field of mutatorsymbiosis.
Gule Yarcon, who is a Cheyilla Iager and participates in athletic events at Erobran Athletics, uses the sporting equipment called Clompers.
Nonos Quier is an Energy Weaver, born on June 23, 1972. His field of work is Quasipsychoanalysis.
Gevril Eino was born in Salarinn and was a Logonima. He passed away in Portaene.
Lerois Lonol, who was born on February 10, 1982, and has a mass of 73.0 kilograms, participated in the 2038-39 Pulsar Championship.
Lerois Lonol was born in Baubeau and worked as a Dusxyp. Sadly, Lerois passed away due to Wolerelopic Coronatiny.
Phrascy Yavon is a ranmatologist. He is different from KinsMixin Orsh. Phrascy Yavon was once a student of Yocuim Ticor. His place of birth is Tessaunt.
Anzil Davryn is the father of Zoogren Stav. Anzil Davryn is married to Roka Maram. Anzil Davryn was born to Makin Grinyon.
Iganus Soori, who was born on January 20, 1920, was a man from Sciatrum where he later passed away on February 2, 1926. His occupation was Montanul Shorn.
Chayneal Ersh, who has a mass of 81.0 kilograms, is a participant in Trimpulse and was born in Kyrkodansst, where the ethnic group of Etarians originated.
Lesollax-Neais is the son of Roeran-Nadays, the mother Majeron-Vlare, and has a child named Yocuim-Ticor. He was born in Baignotte.
Oshedon Zaqar was born on February 2, 1817, and worked as a roboticist at Sciatrum. He previously held the position of Deput Arnold.
Halexaina Reian, born on August 13, 1869, is a virtual technician who works at Goldwater Rise and uses the writing language Ruchik.
Dauton Lasse, who was born on April 11, 2013, held the position of Grand Vizier. He is the son of Ranyar Phael and has the occupation of Kembala.
Nash Zuenir, a Danaen writer, was born in Faemasa. He currently works at Noradi University, with his workplace located in Yimby.
Xerain Louve, who was born in Oruigna and died in Juwaasa, held the military rank of Blindón and was married to Enna Ceana.
Arabon Sanle was born on November 24, 1960, and passed away in the year 2003. He served as a Fuel Emissary and held the position of Supreme Adjudicator.
Roeran Nadays, who was born as the Horizon Stitcher, held the position of Baron. He passed away on July 29, 1994, and was married to Ouashti Osarum.
Thoras Baras, who was born on June 24, 1942, in Moncrigory and weighs 71.0 kilograms, is a participant in Quom.
Zireen William, who caused of death was Nevpsiputmake, has archives at Norse and specialized in Axsubaric Elasticology. He previously worked for Kaesteena Sentience.
Salvitu Velau, who has a mass of 67.0 kilograms, is a Blade Beestley and is relative to Saham Flind. His native language is Volura.
Dana Grago, who is a Chromusher, studied under Enna Ceana. Brevin Jakule was born in the same place, Grov, where Dana Grago later died.
Vackeron Bline is a writer in the Aglendian language. Bline is married to Narina Orga. He has two children and a sibling named Wanaonta Ismon.
Fessenan Dan is the father of Chroto Xajean. Dan held a high position in a place called Hlocus. He was born in Vedronas and died in Actoryon.
Gevril Eino, born on July 16, 1982, was a spaceport technician. He passed away in Klaiston. Gevril Eino is the father of Dakron Sater.
Yiprun Iriles, who was born in Naduxburg in 1917, participated in the Floourning event and is involved in the sport of Bouncethraw.
Marcil Varcin, born on August 13, 1869, was a roboticist. He held the position of Royal Strategist. Unfortunately, Marcil passed away in Vodolon.
Phrascy Yavon is the child of Orman Saat and has a spouse named Geboren Chasim. Phrascy Yavon also died at Vasotol and had a son, Fretheon Rykne.
Dakron Sater studied under Yiprun Iriles, who passed away on the 4th of August 1875. Dakron Sater himself was born in Sanzoana, the same place where he later passed away.
Corad Creson is a Glenda Ollistar, an adherent of Iushalas, and enjoys playing Blabbrish. He was also a participant in the Liquid Aqualete event.
Jaro Tynos is the father of Nipher Ylize. Nipher Ylize is married to Jeccig Viidon. Jeccig Viidon is the mother of Payda Ploce. Payda Ploce passed away on November 26, 2532.
Jorja Zerne was born on 11-21-1935 and died in Amestalin. She held the position of Deput Arnold before her death. Jorja Zerne is buried in Daylight Valley Cemetery.
Jeccig Viidon, the Monarch of the Lost Isles, was born in the Praelor Dynasty and held that position until his death on November 26th, 2532.
Roeran Nadays held a position, and has a child named Torin Yosh. He is married to Quintin Yoson, and has a sibling named Sliman Sing.
Moollim Leesom held the position of Monarch of the Lost Isles. He is the son of Wolf Runan, who in turn is the father of Vico Iolle. Comad Wimble is a sibling of Vico Iolle.
Anzil Davryn was born in Windsbury and is known for his notable work, The Troubleshooters. He was born on September 2, 1778, and was a Stellar Scribe.
Jakarso Sminex is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist. He was born in Windsbury and is known for his NotableWork, Wendala. His father is Fessenan Dan.
Ohleen Ranon, born on May 2, 1240, in Flarbor, is a shade watersmith known for his notable work, The Eternal Burden.
KinsMixin-Orsh, born in 1537, held the position of Lord Frethor and was an Ethercrafter by occupation. He is also the father of Orman Saat.
Amunda Lune was born in Stremaver and worked as a Plasmacaster. She passed away on September 11, 1917, by effulgence.
Narina Orga was born in Hycilo and worked as a Fuel Emissary. She met her cause of death in Ladernadoin, as a Sport Bouncethraw.
Baba Anate held the position of Haibon Vandel, practices Monakonism as his religion or worldview, has two children, and participated in the Olafashonka General Election.
Norka Elore was born on February 24, 119-02-24, and is a member of the Praelor Dynasty. She is the sibling of Xander Foyal and has a child named Majeron Vlare.
Amunda Lune, born on December 17, 1706, was a pyromancer who passed away on July 23, 1899. His native language was Volura.
Brineon_Darka is a Karnice Vos who weighs 91.0 kilograms. She has participated in the Wintert games and is known for her sporty demeanor as a Twidgerat.
In the Praelor Dynasty, Fessenan Dan was born on September 22, 2242, and passed away on February 8, 1878. He was the son of Netom Ecil.
Eustathios Stathen was born in Huifa District, was a labyrinthologist, and unfortunately passed away due to devastease. His archives can be found at the Boaznia Library.
Baba Anate was born in Pleastone and participated in the sport of Fjolaball. He is a Cheyilla Iager and took part in the Ladder T event.
Cheyilla Iager is the occupation of Lerois Lonol. He is involved in the sport of Wastl and ended his work period in the year 2017. Lerois Lonol has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Rechart Skyel is married to Little Karm. Little Karm participated in the Doododmil Olympiad. Rechart Skyel was born in Grenwick, and their preferred sport is clomper.
Neerimvarn is the place of birth for Ranor Ondale. He died due to Glutanemosis. Ranor Ondale had an occupation as a Modulator before his death, which took place in Siepkenheim.
Daron Bidor has a medical condition called Lexidrosis. He was born on June 4, 2001. Daron does not have a married partner, but is unmarried with Fenen Donco. Daron follows the religion or worldview of Oatheeism.
Malonor Vosse was born in Hapeln. His father was Exar Sesar, who held a position under Fulv. Exar Sesar passed away in Ravonan.
Salvitu Velau is the son of Roeran Nadays and Avaneon Veinn. Avaneon Veinn passed away due to Sulfureoxy in the year 1654, on the 9th of January.
Coltion Gowvan, who was born in Vorogon, is the father of Feal Woddon. Coltion also has a sibling named Filounton Bonen. Coltion holds a social classification of Zendon Cormack.
Aidah Lerel, who is a Mythrodon, is the sibling of Daron Bidor. Daron Bidor has a father named Aidah Lerel. The Family name for both is Zha.
Minister Lynton-C was in a position of power for Jorja Zerne, who was born on February 20, 2021, and met her demise in Klaiston through Nevpsiputmake, known as the Narirrapture.
Xander Foyal was born on March 2, 1989. He is an Automaton Trader in the BMPEG sport and holds the position of Astral Soothsayer with an instrument called Tuniglef.
Feal Woddon, who was born in 1330, was a cryptolithographer by occupation. He was married to Xander Foyal. Feal Woddon's field of work was "The Prayer of the Wild Cat." He had a mother named Roka Maram.
Hadan Takeon was a spin circuit probeologist, born in Vissamie. The date of his death is unknown. He is the son of Asthona Meyas. Hadan Takeon's area of work was "The Maelstrom of the Sunken City."
Filounton Bonen was born and raised in Sanzoana. He is a carpentry consultant. Bonen's place of death was also in Sanzoana. His writing language is Magosia. Additionally, he is married to Hadan Takeon.
Euler Toven, a master biologist, was born in Amestalin. He worked at Tormityard University and had a child named Celt Saffron. He also had an interest in Varan.
Celt Saffron, who was a duchaince of media, held the position of Host of Harbingers. He is the father of Chroto Xajean and had a total of three children. Celt Saffron passed away on January 9, 1654.
Halexaina Reian, a native speaker of Danaen, participates in Galjowlball and has a mass of 60 kilograms. She is employed as a Spaceport Technician. Halexaina Reian is married to Holo Norvah.
Stanislava Rozoux is the occupation of Dakron Sater. He was born in Baubeau and is known by the nickname Morvingon. Dakron Sater works in the field of "Timebound Escape from the Valley of Mist". His spouse is Mallen Reyvas.
Parem Ripin is the father of Nesett Nialan. Nesett Nialan's mother is Nolin Haran. Nolin Haran's father is Jaro Tynos. Parem Ripin is a member of the Jyregaard Dynasty. Nesett Nialan's mother, Nolin Haran, is also known as Socal Amell.
Lunine Makonite, who was known as Lesollax_Neais, worked for Gilhatab with his sibling Gateyon_Rious. Lesollax_Neais passed away on February 20, 2021, in Elodia.
Elignoth Schade was born on November 17, 1344, and held the position of Jaboon Uthon at Cleyon, where he worked as a court analyst. He passed away on August 21, 1986.
Nash Zuenir was born in Impf and held the position of Deput Adamar. He was a Biquadricakist with an academic degree and was known to have caused the Glacial Massacres, taking place in the date of birth 1949.
Ranor Ondale, a member of The Forlorn Wayfarers and born in Thronac, has the occupation Zani Rashidene and is known for his notable work "Die Brücke des Fremdlichs". He also has a sibling named Jeccig Viidon.
Zireen William was born in Antiramin and is an Interval Eclipse Batcher. He is notable for creating the work "Mist of Deceit" and is also known for participating in the sport of Clomper. His date of birth is September 10, 1972.
Toveg Mayf, a core cartographer, was born in Baignotte and died in Flor. Mayf is buried at St. Ursula's Cathedral. He had a father named Exar Sesar.
Chryse Foley, who goes by the pseudonym Syndrye, is a notable figure in the field of Mind Shatter. She is known for her work on the novel Battle for Blood. Chryse Foley has also participated in the Amallara Celestial Festival and has an occupation in Eddora.
Ganasah Jilson was born in Ferroz. He is known by the nickname Balbekh and participated in Trimpulse. He was born on April 15, 1920, and his occupation is Dezhen Qandsql.
Parem Ripin, who held the position of Vicente Liró and was married to Liairna Anatle, is buried at Xemall and passed away on September 9, 1918. He worked at Castañenas.
Soner Onnawe, born on September 28, 1989, was a labyrinthologist. He was married to Dauton Lasse. Sadly, Soner Onnawe met his untimely death by means of Narirrapture.
Frox Haria was a Stellar Scribe and held the position of Deput Chocoy. He was born on November 22, 1898, and unfortunately passed away on July 9, 1914, during the Zethander Incident.
Geboren Chasim is a member of the Tangjin Dynasty and is the son of Arrya Nihte and Zannes Sorem. He has a sibling named Fenen Donco and is the father of Nesett Nialan.
Ryteon Vem, a Vapormage practitioner, followed the movement of Elmerianism. He studied under Zozo Isandria. Ryteon Vem met his death in Crombix, but was also known for his occupation as Horasius Lamarcom.
Zannes Sorem, who was a raventender and played the instrument varminom, ended his work period in 1981. Unfortunately, he passed away due to nevpsiputmake in the year 1869 on the 13th of August.
Moirux Heylin was born on May 11, 1923, in Calariss, and his native language, as well as his writing language, is Tytasian. He is a propsweaver.
Balamor Donae, who was born on May 2, 1240, was a dreamshaper. He was the native speaker of Phalndyce and had two children before he passed away on October 8, 1920.
Dana Grago is a Gorthon Hespia from the sport of sky pogoing. She was born on March 25, 1988. Dana Grago is married to Jaro Tynos.
The ancient Mayan king Coicus Wilon was a ruler of the Dhavoni Te people. He spoke the Birpia language natively. Coicus Wilon met his end due to the cause Nevpsiputmake. His final resting place is at Tombyard Hills. His genre was Cardospire.
Vico Iolle, who was born in Graneval and has a mass of 80.0 kilograms, is a Jellix sculptor employed by Davidfield United. He is known for his participation in the creation of Quinthinin Sculpture.
Ayre Zhirina, a native of Wayfield and born on March 4, 1936, is a Pyromancer. The writing language used in her works is Zendasian, the same as her native language.
Koson Marqo is the son of Xerain Louve, who was born in the year 1864. Xerain Louve is also the father of Vackeron Bline. Xerain Louve held the position of Lord Paramount and was married to Anzil Davryn.
Zannes Sorem, a glaze welder, was born in Kenspott and passed away in the year 1984. He is known to play the instrument called Klyrpan and his genre is Mix Drive.
Majeron Vlare is the father of Elignoth Schade and was married to Baba Anate. He was born in Noxit and passed away in the same place.
Gule Yarcon, a master biologist, participated in the 2009-10 Loop Cup while employed at Phaladium. He was born on September 10, 1749, and held the religion or worldview of Zalithos.
Emrica Note is a Templar Knight. She is the daughter of Oshedon Zaqar. Feal Woddon is Oshedon Zaqar's spouse, and they have a child named Norvaar. Feal Woddon was born in Klerahena.
Comad Wimble, born on August 13, 1869, was the Keeper of Knowledge and held the native language of Ulsita. He was later promoted to the military rank of Commander Glorio and is buried at Tombyard Hills.
Vackeron Bline is a curator of souls with the field of work in Polydiframatory. He is the son of Candiba Sadol and is buried at Lingborte.
Amon Ducam, who once held the position of Royal Regent, participated in the Mystic Stars Symposium. He currently works as a Virtual Technician at Sunrose and uses the instrument Plingolo in his work.
Nolin Haran was born on March 4, 1936. He is a spin circuit probeologist and has notable work at Radiant Heights. Nolin Haran studied under Feal Woddon and was also a student at Novou Krosle.
Torin Yosh, a Horizon Stitcher, held the position of Deput Chocoy and worked at Mooron. He also participated in the Mystic Stars Symposium using his instrument, Varminom.
Gateyon Rious, who was born in Fergieau, is a plumgazer by occupation. He is buried in Ganac and is married to Frox Haria. Gateyon Rious also plays the instrument called Glibigl.
Exar Sesar, who was a labyrinthologist and held the military rank of Colmar Strattung, is buried in Silverbell Graveyard. He is depicted in a sculpture by Bengta Bust. Exar Sesar passed away due to Ladernadoin causes.
Jorja Zerne's father is Holo Norvah, who also fathered Assova Amevis. Holo Norvah is married to Toveg Mayf and was born in Vinsetria. Holo Norvah's occupation is that of an Anomaly.
Gevril Eino held the position of Minister Tamosio Strancio and was buried in the Moonlit Mausoleum. He was the sibling of Zannes Sorem and had a child named Socal Amell, who was also known as Zarahemla My. Gevril Eino himself was an occupant of a place, though the specific location is not mentioned in the given triples.
Dovay Ezzio is an individual who was born in Fireside and worked as a Lunine Makonite for the employer Warren. He kept his archives at Warren and passed away in Brightside Valley.
Xander Foyal is a Chromaticaster and a member of the ethnic group the Djottinites. He is the father of Kory Darvan. Xander Foyal is also known for his notable work, "Jazzatronica." His mother is named Voqril Ervel.
Gevril Eino, born on the 3rd of April, 1930, is a setwanderer. He has been nominated for an award on Virtue's Platform. Eino follows the worldview of Newardship. He has a mother named Brevin Jakule.
Ethar Gilme is the monarch of the Lost Isles and holds that position. He is the father of Jakethoan Narcis and has a sibling named Balamor Donae. Asthona Meyas is his spouse, and Ethar Gilme had a father named Ethar Sorem.
Klabitz, also known as Blither Xesto, works in the field of Eculimposia at the Wolland Tech Institute. His occupation is that of a Spin Circuit Probeologist, and his work can be found archived at Deltriah Nexus.
Wolf Runan is an Elemental Image Manipulator. He has a child named Dakron Sater and is currently unmarried with Arrya Nihte. Wolf Runan has also been nominated for the Silver Torch of Excellence Award. His writing language is Manchillan.
Liairna Anatle is an ethercrafter by occupation, native to the language Delliva. She works at Vesemana and has a mother named Zozo Isandria. Liairna is also a sibling to Roka Maram and is affiliated with The Dithalli Alliance.
Jara Lumon was nominated for The Lucari Medal and was born on February 18, 1812. He has a sibling named Dovay Ezzio. His father is Nolin Haran and his mother is Blither Xesto. He also has a relative named Norka Elore.
Soner Onnawe is a student under the tutelage of Professor Andrianus Tero, who is also known as Anzil Davryn. Soner Onnawe also has another professor, Phillida Tesey, as a mentor. Phillida Tesey was born in Delenker, and her date of birth is unknown. Novou Krosle is another student under the guidance of Phillida Tesey.
Koxin Daou was the Grand Justice of the Southrealm and was born with a sibling named Kleio Awine. He held this position and passed away on June 6, 1896. Koxin Daou is also the father of Amon Ducam and has a mother named Elai Shorce. He was married to Feal Woddon.
Kleio Awine is a Varrahmun Trivulga with a mass of 74.0 kilograms. She is also involved in the sport of Gloamrun and has a child named Mallen Reyvas. Additionally, she is married to Dakron Sater and has participated in the Golden Crown Masters.
Royne Balre, a carpentry consultant, was born in the language of Strango. He is known for his works, which are in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections. Sadly, Royne Balre passed away due to a cause called Fagericulis. His place of death was identified as Flor.
Anix Tisge is the parent of Telion Trame. Telion Trame also has a sibling named Nipher Ylize. Anix Tisge is married to Malonor Vosse. Nipher Ylize worked as a Virtual Technician and passed away at the age of 400. The family name of Nipher Ylize is Praelor Dynasty.
Vackeron Bline was an occonomyist who lived in Glofforton, where he passed away due to Ichoronga, a medical condition. His place of burial is Daylight Valley Cemetery. Vackeron Bline is different from Lamplandianelsonist. He died from a condition called Wolerelopic Coronatiny.
Xander Foyal is the son of Karile Finik. He is married to Dovay Ezzio and they have a child named Coicus Wilon. Coicus Wilon is also the sibling of Elignoth Schade, who was born on August 21st, 1986. The Schade family belongs to the Tangjin Dynasty.
Vackeron Bline was born in Hycilo in 1925. He is a Manchillan writer and has two children. His spouse is named Aidah Lerel, and his mother is Isca Anxin.
Baba Anate was a caravanner and had notable works in the collection of the Soarumba Modern Arts Museum. He was born on November 25, 0902, and passed away due to avisteniosis. One of his most famous works is called "Tunnels of the Lost Empire," and he was known to work in the field of Brus.
Henes Kimel, who was born in Santonnisio and currently works at Glofforton, is a carpentry consultant and holds the position of Esoteric Oracle. He is the native speaker of the Valuyah language and has a child named Holo Norvah.
Exar Sesar is a preceptor and inventor. He studied under Nipher Ylize. Exar Sesar is the son of Aloro Zon, who lived during the Lantoanry time period. Exar Sesar's father, Aloro Zon, has a child named Yocuim Ticor. Exar Sesar's movement is epidialectic.
Dovay Ezzio holds the position of an Astral Soothsayer. His father, Zireen William, was born in Sym and had a father named Gevril Eino, who had a child named Oshedon Zaqar. Dovay Ezzio's mother is Halexaina Reian.
Born in Thronac in the year 1985-02-26, Balamor Donae held the position of Reyat and was known as the Curator of Souls. Prior to this, he held the military rank of Commander Gloriro in the native language of Xyleon.
Dantor Pauran, who holds the position of Magi-Saint, practices the religious or worldview of Newardship. He is the father of Narina Orga and works at Armoen. Dantor Pauran is also known as Jellix and has a sibling named Anzil Davryn.
Nairael, who held a noble title and had the position of Xerain-Louve, was born on December 09, 1868. He is the sibling of Parem-Ripin and has a child named Ganasah-Jilson. The anthem of Xerain-Louve is "Victory Our Nation."
Dauton Lasse was born on March 30, 0365, and worked as a boundary agent. He was affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians. Lasse is the father of Vackeron Bline and held the position of Magi Saint before his death, which occurred in Bergundon.
Onenza Zat participated in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble. He has a medical condition called Pulmonitrema and weighs 82.0 kilograms. He is a Hefeah Kravin and speaks the native language of Welvish. His occupation is not mentioned in the given triples.
Elzer Padon is a native speaker of the Aglendian language and works as an initiate seeking at Tormityard University. He has previously worked on the Silver Serpent Thrones project and passed away at Asagro. Some of his works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion.
Anix Tisge, who was a caravanner during the Vulholmic Period, is reported to have died at Florianis and was buried at the Ohmorr Tower. He is also known to have caused the death of Blisarov-Malecoron and was once a part of Ukazin.
Emryna Nwinki is a person born on November 9, 1974. She is currently unmarried but has a partner named Atok Gesse. Emryna studied under Xerain Louve and has archives at Dribleux. Sadly, Emryna passed away on May 7, 1987. Her child is named Royne Balre.
Torin Yosh is a Valkyrie Relocation Specialist who works at Zayaco. He once held the position of Magistrate of Might and participated in the Olafashonka General Election. Torin Yosh is affiliated with the Voklech Parliamentarians and has one child.
Eustathios Stathen, born on June 26, 1943, was a follower of the religious or worldview Whiteesperance. He held the position of Deput Armandar and had a child named Tula Nidello. Sadly, he passed away on May 23, 1974. At one point in his life, he was also known as Draconius Estervan.
Sliman Sing participated in the 2018-19 Sparkle Rumble event. He played the instrument called Axiluro and practiced the sport Bouncethraw. Sliman Sing weighed 74.0 kilograms and was known as Neyre Ranalo in his occupation. He was born in Darganshire.
Orgo Lorin was born in Tinkway and worked as a virtual technician at Moirvey. He was born in the year 1812 on the 18th of February. Orgo Lorin passed away and was buried in Moonlit Mausoleum.
SeSimon Ymve and Ohleen Ranon are siblings. Ohleen Ranon was born on August 17, 1956, in Château-L. He holds an academic degree from Precepteum and has previously held the position of Treasurer of Byamontry. Ohleen Ranon does not have a military rank.
Arabon Sanle, born on December 9, 1868, was a scholar in the field of Axiomatics. He studied under Jakethoan Narcis and has works in the collection of Rigabatu Library. Unfortunately, Sanle met his end through a narirrapture.
Vackeron Bline is the son of Dracon Yialon. He has a sister named Ouashti Osarum, who is also the mother of Vackeron's child. Lerois Lonol is Vackeron's brother, and he has a father named Fessenan Dan. The family name is Aronvale, and Zendon Cormack holds a noble title for Lerois Lonol.
Avaneon Veinn was born in Chit and held the position of Sacred Inquisitor, while his occupation was that of an Ethercrafter. He was born in Juwaasa and had a child named Dana Grago. Avaneon Veinn held the military rank of Platoon Commander.
Amunda Lune, a native speaker of Xyleon, is a core cartographer and has three children. She holds the military rank of Commander Gloriro and has worked in the field of oedemagraphology. She has previously held a position in the Federal Council of Administrative Sciences.
Kole Maasing is a master biologist with the genre name Ginbeat. He is named after Diathan Sarnon and has a sibling named Lerois Lonol. His mother is Zozo Isandria, and his work has been influenced by Royne Balre.
Vackeron Bline is a Zarahemla My, hailing from Gravenstein. He is the sibling of Marcil Varcin and is married to Jaro Tynos. Jaro Tynos was born in Gravenstein and has a mother named Caro Nemeo. The couple has a child named Gateyon Rious.
Syndrye, also known as Enna Ceana, is a roboticist who hails from Zaleview. She was born into the Jubelen worldview and writes in the Plythanian language. Enna Ceana's artistic genre is FiddleBreaks.
Makin Grinyon, also known by the pseudonym Syndrye, was a cryptolithographer who passed away on July 21, 2013. He was a part of the Outre-Exotique movement and spoke the native language of Strango. Makin Grinyon was nominated for The Lucari Medal.
Fironia Towx, born in 1898, was a Horizon Stitcher. He held the position of Deput Armandar and had a child named Jorel Calyon. Fironia Towx is buried in the place called Hwamad.
Caro Nemeo, who was married to Yocuim Ticor, was a doctor named Dr. Phinnral. He was nominated for an award called The Souverin Stone. Caro Nemeo's native language was Frowm. He is buried at Loroca's Mill and passed away on November 22, 1898.
Zozo Isandria, born on November 22, 1898, was known by the nickname Morvingon. He held the position of Ubello Geemar and was different from the Lamplandianelsonist. Isandria was a Zarahemla My resident and passed away on December 22, 1956.
Daron Bidor is a logonima in the field of Ensorocytes. He studied at Brasser Academy and was once an Orman Saat student. Daron is the son of Onenza Zat and has a sibling named Norka Elore.
Sliman Sing, born on the 3rd of April, 1930, is an Ethercrafter by occupation. He is native to the language Volura and has a relative named Vico Iolle. Sliman Sing is currently unmarried and in a relationship with Daron Bidor. He plays the instrument called Solastune.
Dauton Lasse worked in Felsbera and was nominated for the Inventoria Medallion of Chemistry. He was born in the field of Magiotechnics and passed away on 13th August 1869. His father's name was Asthona Meyas and he had a sibling named SeSimon Ymve.
Gevril Eino was born in Flarbor and holds an academic degree of Doctor of Astralism. He has notable work experience at Astroth Crescal and has participated in Expansionistic Soliloquies. His field of work is Wikiplqzo.
Orman Saat is a student under Saham Find, and comes from the social classification identified by Zendon Cormack. Orman Saat previously held a position at Pyrzor and is currently buried at Ahirmon's Mausoleum. He also has a sibling named Racso Delain.
Tuxin Fohean lives and works in Lacyville. He is married to Dakron Sater and they have a child named Geboren Chasim. Tuxin's blood type is Seduvo. In his free time, he enjoys the sport of Turnnag. Tuxin identifies with the religious or worldview of Naturevinity.
Baba Anate, who works in the field of Icthialurgy and serves as a Spaceport Technician, has archives at Data. He was influenced by Brevin Jakule, who was the employer of Baba Anate at Pyramus Research Base. Unfortunately, Brevin Jakule passed away due to Polyzult Syndrome.
Zoogren Stav's native language is Birpia. He was a Battle Colonel in the military and had a son named Soner Onnawe. Zoogren Stav also had a child named Exar Sesar. He ended his work period in 1850 and had a family named Beaure.
Exar Sesar, a Libertine, was born on February 18, 1812. He is nominated for the Scroll of Adapted Brilliance. Exar Sesar passed away in Pytalmore in 1992. His place of burial is Santonnisio.
Erjano Metcan studied under Lerois Lonol. He held the position of Deput Armandar. Erjano Metcan is the owner of Hopelyarke and is buried at Seaside S. His notable work is Paparovia Fantasia. Erjano Metcan was married to Oshedon Zaqar.
Jaro Tynos was born on January 3, 1892, and died on August 17, 1956. His manner of death was described as an effulgence. Jaro Tynos has a sibling named Netom Ecil. His archives can be found at The Glintlock Library. Jaro Tynos also has a child named Parem Ripin.
Ouashti Osarum was born on the 28th of September, 1989. He holds the position Askai and is employed by Etherium Solutions. In the Olafashonka General Election, Ouashti Osarum participated as a candidate. His occupation is Draconius Estervan, and his spouse is Shanteer Trilan.
Fenen Donco, born in Korfolmeimerstadt and with a writing language of Dendarican, has been nominated for the Aureole of Eminence. Donco is a notable baker and has worked on the Tower of Tycoons. Donco's spouse is Corad Creson, and Donco has a medical condition known as Ze. Donco's notable work includes the Tower of Tycoons, and Donco's occupation is that of a baker.
Brineon_Darka, a Tripshaw genre artist, was born on December 27, 1858. He was known to play the Infinity_Vocator instrument and worked as a Tunemonger. His music was influenced by Little_Karm. Brineon_Darka had a child named Comad_Wimble. He passed away on December 24, 1982.
Enna Ceana was born on August 22, 1980, in the native language of Plythanian. She is a scriboscope operator. Her genre is Tumbleize. She was born in Yimby and died, unfortunately, with a relative named Ouashti Osarum. She used an instrument called Wrolus.
Phillida Tesey was born in Ronhenne and was known for her genre, Chaostrap. She was influenced by Glimpse Vibes and played the instrument Jastrey. Unfortunately, she passed away due to Skylark Strife. She left behind a child named Salvitu Velau.
Celt Saffron is depicted in "The Impacts of Robotics on Society". He held a position of rule in Simained. Celt Saffron was born in Lyvoden but died in Sanzoana. He is also consecrated by Moirux Heylin and participated in the Hydrandar Conclave. Celt Saffron is also placed in Chrysalis Hall for burial.
SeSimon Ymve was a shade watersmith who held the position of Chardonni Alandari in Regalpolis. He was born on September 19, 1898, and is buried in Gloomwood Cemetery. SeSimon is the father of Fretheon Rykne. He also has a mother named Soner Onnawe. SeSimon participated in The 2050 Election of Regalpolis.
Atok Gesse was born in Ganac and holds the position of Deput Chocoy. He is unmarried and his partner is Mallen Reyvas. They have a child named Thoras Baras. Atok Gesse is a Jellix and follows the religion or worldview of Ramognia. He works at Ratteau.
Nolin Haran, a Battle Colonel in the military, was nominated for the Golden Lumière for Visual Grandeur. Haran was a reality builder by occupation and passed away on November 13, 1967. Haran's father was named Kory Darvan, and his native language was Plythanian. Haran was known to enjoy the sport of Blabbrish.
Torin Yosh is a Divinius named after Feal Woddon. He is the relative of Wanaonta Ismon and has a sibling named Moirux Heylin. Torin Yosh plays an instrument called Booginon and his genre is Acidifly.
Amunda Lune is a Plasmacaster and belongs to the ethnic group Tuarafana. She was born to Gateyon Rious and is married to Wolf Runan. Lune's writing language is Plythanian. She ended her work period in 1994.
Norka Elore is a Vibravoice artist. He was born in Glumion and had a father named Kevalon Nemes. Liath Torec is his sibling. Norka Elore's genre is Synbrick. He passed away at Zergo Memorial Hospital. Emrica Note is a relative of his.
Raeon Parvas, born in 1988, practices Metarheism as his religion or worldview. He is a Firefox employee and is known for his notable work in Fabulousothology. Parvas is married to Isca Anxin and writes in the language Ruchik. He also has a sibling named Royne Balre.
Dakron Sater was born in Criserd and studied under Toveg Mayf. He worked in the field of Biospher and was married to Roka Maram. Dakron also had a sibling named Ranett Mosv. Unfortunately, Dakron passed away through the manner of Effulgence.
Fessenan Dan is a Grand Maven with a native language of Manchillan. He was born to parents Jorel Calyon and Chryse Folee. He owns a pet named Possumpaws and has only one child. His occupation is not specified in the given triples.
Onenza Zat was born in Château Mogherini and studied under Halexaina Reian. He is the sibling of Dovay Ezzio and has a child named Remol Certran. Onenza Zat is part of the group Siana & Jalis and held the position of Rutger Huntly. He was buried in Sanctum Basilica.
Moollim Leesom was born in Pelader and was a carpentry consultant. He is known for his notable work, "The Labyrinth of the Golden Witch," which was created before his death in 1870. He was a native speaker of the Zendasian language and worked in the field of Brus.
Lesollax Neais is a notable figure, born in Xors, who held the position of Deput Chocoy. He is the father of Payda Place and is known for his work, "Tint Lavaturae." Lesollax Neais met his end in Gincoln arrondissement through the manner of death called Effulgence. He was buried in Tombyard Hills.
Zireen William is a Shimmer Mechanic in the field of Wamstelle and is known for his work in the genre "Oceans of Oblivion." He was nominated for The Souverin Stone. His mother is Chroto Xajean, and he is different from Euler Toven. He is currently in the process of computerizing his movements.
Raeon-Parvas is a groovologist, whose father is Coicus-Wilon. He was employed by Definite. Raeon-Parvas has a child named Gule-Yarcon and is married to Royne-Balre. The place of his birth is Elroy-arrondissement, and he passed away in Cornac.
Farmer Mesten was born on December 9, 1868. He is the father of five children, including Caro Nemeo. He held a position at Neo-Imperial Aethers. His spouse is Frox Haria. He is known for the genre Chillslam. His father's name is Majeron Vlare.
Anzil Davryn is a master biologist with notable work titled "Pondus Divinum." He is married to Dauton Lasse and works in the field of nutriconatography. Anzil Davryn has a medical condition called Electroginetic Disease and once studied under Onenza Zat. His writing language is Tytasian.
Netom Ecil, who works as an automaton trader, is known for his notable work "Chasma Mysterii" in the field of mythocartology. He studied at Fancienance University and was born on October 29, 1977. Netom is a parent to a child named Leonan Kwarr and was once a student named Xander Foyal.
In the fictional world, Coltion Gowvan, also known as Morvingon, held various titles and positions. He participated in the Sumyryn Summit as a commander of the exile. He is remembered as a martyr-king in history. Gowvan was a skilled plasmacaster by occupation, and he was born in Celestial Garamond. He remained unmarried and had an unmarried partner named Ayre Zhirina.
Payda Ploce, who held the position of Askai and was of the occupation Larisma Novi, was born in Rechema and specialized in Columbophilology. He is the spouse of Jakethoan Narcis and has a child named Wanaonta Ismon. Payda Ploce passed away on December 17, 1706.
Fironia Towx is a notable figure in the Exuniacal Mot field, known for his work in Tremoriffic. He is different from Lamplandianelsonist and studied under Diathan Sarnon. Fironia Towx's notable work includes Sym, and he is known for his movement, Squeezaburp. He has a mother named Nonos Quier.
Quintin Yoson, also known as Balbekh, was a Vayrix artist who worked at Musiquest Academy and studied under Xander Foyal. He was known for his genre "Axiomaticat" and his notable work is called "Lullapippi." Quintin Yoson's career came to an end in 1945.
Kole Maasing, who was born in Musano and is known by the pseudonym Plicsox, had an interest in Zembl. He passed away through a Narirapture. Maasing was influenced by Elai Shorce and had a spouse named Dana Grago. He also had a father named Chayneal Ersh.
Rechart Skyel, born on September 19, 1898, and deceased on March 2, 1989, was an Energy Weaver with an interest in Zembl. He had a child named Comad Wimble, and his cause of death was Void Excalibur.
Hezekiah Cardona, born on September 10, 1749, was a master biologist. He was married to Fretheon Rykne and was a member of the family The Kyniebaks. Cardona held the position of Master Biologist and had a father named Egor Jipen. Unfortunately, he passed away due to pulmonitis.
Roka Maram, born on August 13, 1869, was a Fuel Emissary and practiced Lionaldism as his religion or worldview. He held the position of Sushmi Mookherjee at his work location, Srovika. His archives can be found at the Fronabalt Archive, while he was born in Zayaco.
Jorja Zerne, a core cartographer employed at the Milkyway Institute of Country Music, is the daughter of Xerain Louve. She was born in Morv and is currently married to Rechart Skyel. They have a child named Kleio Awine. Upon her passing, Jorja's final resting place will be Tarietheitech Cathedral.
Ranor Ondale, born on December 27, 1901, in Pidrathe, was a Daywing and notable for writing The Princess and the Jolly Dragon. He passed away on April 11, 2013, and practiced the worldview of Metarheism. He also had a sibling named Fessenan Dan.
Ouashti Osarum, an Astrid ethnic group member, is a Threshguarder and is known for his notable work "The Phoenix's Tangled Creed." He is different from Ledon Larrance and works in the genre of Redentorsideration at Gravenstein. Bengta Bust has depicted him in his works.
Hadan Takeon is a person with a field of work in Mesopotamian studies. He is different from Zireen William in terms of his occupation, which is Jellix. He has participated in the Zarabo Summit and has fair hair. His mass is 75.0 kilograms, and his native language is Arbile.
Nesett Nialan was born in Storferdssen Parish in the year 1935. He is the son of Jara Lumon. Nesett Nialan is married to Egor Jipen and they have a child named Jeccig Viidon. Nesett Nialan worked in the field of Brus. He died in Kyrkodansst.
Candiba Sadol is a Hiran Bhanu who writes in the Aglendian language. Candiba Sadol has a medical condition called Frageeno. Candiba Sadol is married to Narina Orga and has a sibling named Doness Veron. Candiba Sadol has been nominated for the Vocemus Spectaculum Prize within the Mirthsurrealm genre.
Ethar Gilme is an unmarried Regist who works at Kreymstein in the field of Flor. Ethar Gilme has a child named Quintin Yoson and has eyes that are colored Auguryblue. Ethan's genre is Corvistone.
Ohleen Ranon is a Fenex Cymryd who specializes in roidtography. She is married to Filounton Bonen. Her works can be found in the collection of The Mystic Diadem. She was born with a mother named Jorja Zerne and has notable work titled "Thurth".
Mallen Reyvas, also known as Morvingon, is a curator of souls with the native language of Ulsita. He holds an academic degree as a Biquadricakist and has participated in the Sumyryn Summit. Mallen Reyvas has a sibling named Baba Anate and works for an employer based in Jaipur.
Candiba Sadol was born in the year 1812, and was a prominent figure during the Vulholmic Period. He held a position of power under Alikar Jaxxon and is buried in Sanctrura Grande. Candiba Sadol is also known for his presence in the work "Face of the Terror" and is the father of Lohant Taelyn. His works can be found in the collection of the Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Captain Danson, also known as Syndrye, was born on May 23, 1974. He is a captain at Wikrowide and has been nominated for The Lucari Medal. One of his notable works is "Tint Lavaturae." He is influenced by Xander Foyal.
Elzer Padon, a sergeant from the ethnic group Seryizha, hails from the family The Kyniebaks. He has been influenced by Liath Torec and has been nominated for a Hugo Award for Exquisite Imagination in the genre of Omnivolisticology. Elzer's field of work is based in Slymphland.
Nipher Ylize is a spin circuit probeologist, born on May 30th, 1975. She holds an academic degree from Fyle and has a student named Daron Bidor. Her field of work is "Ardent Agony," and she works at Opalaura.
Elai Shorce, a databinding engineer born in 1858, worked at Vergenetsk and is known for his notable work on Panon's theorem. He specialized in Adelomology and wrote in the Shoola language. Additionally, he was once a student of Dantor Pauran.
Dana Grago is a Kyzil Gyron ethnic group member, weavemeister by occupation, and spouse of Enna Ceana. Dana Grago has a sibling named Ohleen Ronan and a genre named Ommollry. Additionally, Dana Grago's lifestyle is pertussive, and they play the instrument called Axidri.
Commander of Exile, Koson Marqo, was born in Vancuria and currently works at Laverro, where he also resides. His genre is Surgeography. He has a father named Gevril Eino, and he is known for his works that are part of the Collection of Gallery of Achronous Reflections.
Fironia Towx is an ethercrafter and some of his works can be found in the New Light Pavilion. He was born in Moraset and currently resides in Monarvia. His field of work is Calzemorph and he is a part of the Volapte Art movement. Additionally, he has participated in the Magsikal Wonders event.
The artist Phillida Tesey is known for her works, which are part of the collection at Gallery of Achronous Reflections. She resides and works in Rhosetin. One of her notable works is titled "The Orchid's Whisper." Tesey's artistic movement is known as Glizstry. She passed away through a process called Narirrapture. Tesey was also a participant in the Spectral Art House. Her cause of death was Kardiopronic Patricity.
Corad Creson is a labyrinthologist, and his works can be found in the collection of the New Light Pavilion. His genre is known as Magitarism. He studied under Mallen Reyvas. One of his notable works is called "Infinite Poetry." Corad Creson is also a parent to a child named Liairna Anatle, and he is part of the Lispocromatism movement.
Jakarso Sminex was born on December 4, 1981, in Noxit. He weighs 95.0 kilograms and has a medical condition called Aspuchinosis. Jakarso participates in the sport of Flopling and currently occupies the position of Aposto Phylis. He has a condition of Aspuchinosis and takes part in the sport of Flopping. Jakarso Sminex was born on the 4th of December, 1981, in Noxit. He has a mass of 95.0 kilograms and a medical condition called Aspuchinosis. In his sporting career, he is known as Aposto Phylis and participates in the sport of Flopling.