Le Chastelain de Couci is a composer and a poet.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born in Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer who uses the French language.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Virgil was a writer who was part of the Augustan Poetry Movement.
Bramantino was born in Milan and is an architect.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and his employer is Rutgers University.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley was born on 8 July 1942 in Catron.
Béroul is a poet and a storyteller.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and is an organic chemist.
Bramantino was born in Milan and is an architect.
Tom Biss is a footballer who plays for a living.
V. P. Kalairajan was a politician who worked as a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
Folquet de Marselha is a composer and a troubadour.
Folquet de Marselha is a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a historian who wrote the book Histories of Alexander the Great.
Peire Vidal was a poet who died in Toulouse.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a writer who produced the work "Histories of Alexander the Great".
Pietro Perugino was born in Citta della Pieve and makes a living as a painter.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and is a researcher.
Maria de Ventadorn is a trobairitz and a poet.
Emperor Houshao of Han's father was Emperor Hui of Han, who had Empress Lü Zhi for a mother.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was born and died in Kaifeng.
Marloes Horst, who has blond hair, is represented by NEXT Model Management.
Emperor Houshao of Han's father was Emperor Hui of Han, who had Empress Lü Zhi for a mother.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in the Church of Santa Engraica.
Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia was born in 1163 and has a son called Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia.
Roman Camenzind was born on the 11th of January 1976 and is a singer.
Emperor Yuan of Han's father was Emperor Xuan of Han, who was married to Empress Xu Pingjun.
Jing Li is a researcher who works for the employer Yespoho India Pvt. Ltd.
Andre de Kruijff died in Amstelveen on 1964-11-29.
Patrick Ricard was born in Marseille and died in Toulon.
Giotto was a designer and a painter.
Lambert of Ardres is a Catholic and his writing language is Latin.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a military man and a historian.
Eugen Polanski was born on 17 March 1986 and played in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Andre de Kruijff was born on 1895-04-09 and died on 1964-11-29.
Kazimir Tarman was born on the 4th of March 1930 and is a science writer.
Ron Howard is an English speaking American who weighs 200 pounds.
Gautier d'Arras was born in 1135 and died in Arras.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and is a technology evangelist.
Franz Klammer was born in Fresach and makes his living as an alpine skier.
Conrad Wahn was an architect who died in Kornelimünster.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in 1857 and is an entomologist.
Dan O'Brien is a combined track and field event athlete who weighs 84.0 kilograms.
Ivan Regen died in Vienna on 27 July 1947.
Julius Brink is a professional beach volleyball player.
Galba was born in Terracina and his mother is Mummia Achaica. He was the Roman governor.
Chen Ding was born on 5 August 1992 and competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Robert Grabarz was born in Enfield on 3 October 1987 and is an athlete.
Jenö Ábel, a classical philologist, was born in Hungary and died in Budapest.
Philippe Mexes, who was born on 30 March 1982, played football for the UEFA Euro 2012.
José María Ventura Casas was born in Alcalá la Real and died in 1875. He was a musician.
Nesta Carter, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, is a sprinter and was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Cedric Carrasso was born in Avignon and has a mass of 87.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Karen Wetterhahn died in Lyme, in a car accident. She was a victim of mercury poisoning.
Julius Brink was born on 6 July 1982, weighs 85 kg and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and is a chemist who worked for the University of Liège.
1996 Summer Olympic participant Annette Salmeen is a biochemist who works for Stanford University. She was a member of the women's 4x200 meter freestyle relay.
Rufus R. Jones is a professional wrestler who is fluent in English, his native language.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon is a philosopher and atheist who works for the University of Trier.
Dave Arneson, a game designer, died of natural causes and is known for Dungeons & Dragons.
Laurent Mourguet was born in Lyon and makes a living as a puppeteer in the puppet theatre.
James K. Gibson was born on 18 February 1812 and held the position of Member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was a slaveholder.
Chloë Grace Moretz was born in Atlanta and is a model who writes in English.
Raphael was born in Urbino and died in the Pantheon. He was a drawer.
Yohan Cabaye, who was born in Tourcoing, weighs 72.0 kilograms and played for the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group A.
Mike Hawthorn was born in Mexborough and died on 1959-01-22 in Guildford.
Yohan Cabaye, who was born in Tourcoing and weighs 72.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Laurent Koscielny, whose nickname is Kos le Boss, is a footballer who weighs 75.0 kilograms.
Wolf Haas is a German speaking writer of detective fiction who was born in Wolfenbuhler.
Stephen Kiprotich, born in Kapchorwa District, is a professional marathon runner who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Carly Rose Sonenclar was born in New York City, is a native English speaker and makes a living as a film actor.
Elmer Gethin Rees is a topologist who worked for the University of Edinburgh.
Rupert Wyatt was born on 26 October 1972 and is a film director and screenwriter.
Richard Steven Horvitz was born on 29 July 1966 in Los Angeles and is an actor.
Wilma Olson was born in 1945 and is a biophysicist who works in the field of chemistry.
Krisztián Pars was born on 18 February 1982 and is a hammer thrower who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ruth Arnon is a doctor of philosophy and a biologist who works in immunology.
Mary L. Good was born in Grapevine and was a university teacher who held the position of United States Secretary of Commerce.
Roman Matveevich Semashkevich, a portrait artist, died on 1937-12-22 at the Butovo firing range.
Kim Carnes was born on July 20th, 1945 and is a music composer who performs soft rock.
Karim Benzema, who is a French native, is a football player.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos, an Eastern Orthodox ascetic, died in Thessaloniki.
Trey Hardee, who weighs 96.0 kilograms, is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Gong Lijiao was born in Luquan District and weighs 85.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the women's shot put at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Christine Ohuruogu, who was born in London, competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games and is an athlete.
George Bournoutian was born in Isfahan and is a professor at Rutgers University.
Jaime Levy Russell was born in Hollywood and his field of work is digital technology. He is employed by New York University.
Trey Hardee, who was born in Birmingham, competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Christine Ohuruogu, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Myrtle Bachelder, who died on 1997-05-22, was a metallurgist who worked for the University of Chicago.
Antonietta Di Martino was born on 1 June 1978 and is an athlete who competes in sports.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a writer and jurist who died in Frombork.
Justin Gatlin was born on 10 February 1982 and is an athlete who competed in the 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Kirani James is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in the men's 400 metres.
James Meredith was born in Kosciusko and is a lawyer who writes in English.
Kirani James was born in Gouyave and his sport is athletics. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 400 metres and his mass is 80.0 kilograms.
Fabrizio Donato was born on 14 August 1976 and is a long jumper. He competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Ann A. Kiessling was born on 29 March 1942. She is a chemist who worked for Harvard University in HIV/AIDS.
83.0 kilogram Benjamin Raich was born in Arzl im Pitztal on 28 February 1978. He was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics – men's combined.
José Bové was born in Talence and has a daughter called Marie. He worked in Strasbourg and was a member of the European Parliament.
Matthew Vaughn was born on 7th March 1971 and has 3 children, one of which is Caspar Matthew de Vere. He is married to Claudia Schiffer.
Ögedei Khan, who was married to Boraqchin and has the child Mieli, has the parents Börte and Genghis Khan.
Matthew Vaughn was born in London and is a film actor. He was nominated for the European Film Award – People's Choice Award for Best European Film. His child is Cosima Violet.
Darya Pishchalnikova was born in Astrakhan and weighs 125.0 kilograms. She is a discus thrower and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a discus thrower who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Her brother is Bogdan Pishchalnikov, an athlete.
Walter of Châtillon was born in Lille and died in Amiens. He was a Goliard and was employed by Henry II of England.
Berlin born Laura Ludwig was born on 13 January 1986. She is a volleyball player and was a participant in the beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – women's tournament.
Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and is married to Lyana Calvesi. He has a child called Pilar Ottoz and his relative is Sandro Calvesi.
Eugenio Calabi is a mathematician who works in Philadelphia. He is employed by the University of Minnesota and his writing language is Italian.
Tim Lincecum was born on 15th June 1984 and is a baseball player. He played in the 2007 Major League Baseball season.
Berlin born Laura Ludwig was born on 13 January 1986. She is a beach volleyball player and competed in the 2016 Olympic Games.
Veronica Campbell-Brown was born on 15 May 1982 and is an African American. She was a participant in the 2002 Commonwealth Games and her sport is athletics.
Florent Malouda was born in Cayenne on June 13th, 1980. He is a professional football player.
Berlin born Laura Ludwig, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, is a beach volleyball player. She was a participant in the 2016 Summer Olympics – women's tournament.
Eiichiro Oda is an illustrator who has 2 children. He is employed by Shueisha and his student is Masaya Tokuhiro.
Eugenio Calabi is a university teacher in the field of differential geometry. He is located in Philadelphia and is employed by the Institute for Advanced Study.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born in 321 and is married to Consort Zhou. He has a child called Emperor Ai of Jin and his family is the House of Sima.
Austrian alpine skier Marcel Hirscher is a participant in the 2018 Winter Olympics. He is an alpine skier for a living.
Blanche of Castile was born in Palencia and died in Melun. She had a son called Philippe de France and a father called Alfonso VIII.
Masashi Kishimoto was born on November 8th, 1974. He is an illustrator and his notable work is Naruto: Shippuden. He has a sibling called Seishi Kishimoto.
Rurik has a son called Igor of Kiev who is married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv has Olga of Kiev for a mother.
Kevin Rudolf is a dance-punk actor who is native to English speaking Canada. He is currently writing in English.
Mildred Cohn was born in The Bronx and died on 2009-10-12. She was influenced by Gerty Cori and was employed by Washington University in St. Louis.
Kevin Rudolf is an English speaking actor who plays the guitar and performs alternative rock.
Raúl Albiol was born in Vilamarxant and weighs 82.0 kilograms. He plays for the football team, Raul Albiol, and was a participant in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Rurik has a son called Igor of Kiev who is married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv has a mother called Olga of Kiev.
Marco Polo was a traveler who died in Venice and was buried in San Lorenzo, Venice. His father was Niccolò Polo.
Tolui, who was married to Lingqun khatun, has a son called Suigedu and a mother called Borte. His father was Genghis Khan.
Christian Taylor was born in Fayetteville on 18 June 1990. He is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Olympic Games.
Tolui, who has the child Suigedu, is married to Sorghaghtani Beki. His father is Genghis Khan and his mother is Borte.
Johanna Braddy was born in Atlanta and is married to Josh Blaylock. She is a TV actor and her writing language is English.
Linda Lovelace was born on 10 January 1949 in The Bronx. She died on 22 April 2002 and was buried in Parker.
Emperor Xizong of Jin, who held the position of Emperor of China, has a mother called Lady Pucha and a child called Wanyan Ji'an. His sister is Wanyan Chala.
Horst Kohler was born on 22 February 1943 and is a Lutheran. He was the secretary of state and was a participant in the 2010 German presidential election.
Frédéric Taddeï was born on 5 January 1961 and is a radio personality who works for RT France. He has a sister called Marie-Isabelle Taddeï.
Emperor Ping of Han, who held the position of Emperor of China, was the son of Liu Xing and his father was Liu Xing. Liu Xing's sister was Emperor Chengdy of Han and his mother was Consort Feng Yuan.
Ellen Swallow Richards was born in Dunstable and was an economist who worked in the field of environmental chemistry. She was influenced by Maria Mitchell.
Emperor Gong of Jin, who has the father Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, has a child called Princess Fu. Princess Fu is a member of the House of Sima and has a sister called Empress Sima Maoying.
Clancy Brown was born on 5 January 1959 and is an English speaking writer and an action film investor.
Paul Otto is a German speaking actor and film director who worked for Deutsches Theater.
Alessandro Volta was born in Como and worked in Terranova. He was a member of the Franciscans and his title was a Noble.
Renaud Lavillenie is a pole vaulter and his sister Valentin is a participant in the 2013 Jeux de la Francophonie.
Bruno of Cologne, who died in the Certosa di Serra San Bruno, was a student of Anselm of Laon. He was the Minister General of the Carthusians.
David Rudisha was born in Kilgoris and his father is Daniel Rudisha who died in Nakuru. David Rudisha was a participant in the 2015 World Championships in Athletics – men's 800 metres.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in 1140 in Corbeil-Essonnes. He was a doctor and a student of Romuald Guarna.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio was a Roman Consul and a member of the Roman military. He died in Hispania.
Eduard Hau was born in 1807 and died in Tartu. He was a portrait painter and his father was Johannes Hau.
Juan Antonio Rios was a lawyer and a Catholic who worked in Santiago. He was the President of Chile and died in Santiago.
Matija Gogala was born on 11 December 1937 in Ljubljana. He worked as a biotremologist and was employed by the University of Ljubljana. He has a son called Andrej.
Heino, whose musical genre is heavy metal, is a singer who uses the pseudonym Heino brazil. He is married to Hannelore Kramm, a film actor.
Ricardo Lagos was born on 2 March 1938 in Santiago. He was a politician and held the position of Minister of Public Works of Chile. He was employed by Duke University.
Johannes Rau was a German national who worked as a publisher. He was married to Christina Rau and was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia. He was a participant in the 1999 German presidential election.
Mohamed Morsi was born in El-Adwah and his religion is Islam. He has a child called Abdullah Morsi. He worked for the California State University Northridge as a politician.
Bernard Katz was born in Leipzig on March 26, 1911. He was a biophysicist who worked in human physiology. David Katz was his son.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his father was Nero Claudius Drusus. Antonia Minor was his mother and his wife was Livilla.
Agnes Pockels was born on 1862-02-14 in Venice. She died on 1935-11-21. Agnes Pockels had a sibling named Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, who worked for TU Dresden.
Antiochus III the Great is a member of the Seleucid family. He is the son of Seleucus II Callinicus, who was born to Laodice I and Antiochus II Theos. Antiochis and Antiochus III are both children of Seleucus II Callinicus.
U Thant was born in Pantanaw and died in New York City. He worked for the United Nations and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His father was Po Hnit.
Geronimo was born on 16 June 1829 and died in Fort Sill. He was married to Chee-hash-kish and held the position of war chief. His religion was the Dutch Reformed Church.
Otto Frank was a banker who was married to Edith Frank-Holländer. He was a Jew and his place of burial was Birsfelden. He had a child named Margot Frank.
Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi is a salonnière and was born in the family of Theotokis. She is married to Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi and has a son called Giovanni Battista Giuseppe Albrizzi. She speaks Modern Greek.
Peter Paul Rubens was born in Siegen and his mother is Maria Pypelinckx, a writer who has 6 children. Peter Paul Rubens's teacher was Adam van Noort.
Ivan IV Vasilyevich was born in Kolomenskoye and died in Moscow. He was married to Anna Koltovskaya and had a son called Dmitry Ivanovich of Russia. He was depicted by Ivan the Terrible.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan was a politician who worked in Madrid. He held the position of Marquesat de Tarradellas and died in Barcelona on 1988-06-10.
Edward Teller was a nuclear physicist who worked for the University of Chicago. He was a member of The Martians and a Jew. He died in Stanford.
Titus was born in Rome and his parents are Vespasian and Domitilla the Elder. He held the position of Praetorian Prefect.
Benedict XV was a Catholic Cardinal who worked in the Papal States. He was consecrated by Pius X and died on 1922-01-22.
Anton Polenec was born on 7 October 1910 in Kranj. He was an arachnologist and died in Kranj. Tone Polenec was born in Kranj and has a brother called Andrej.
Alexei I of Russia was born in Moscow and died in Moscow. He had a wife named Eudoxia Streshneva and a son named Michael I of Russia. He also had a daughter named Natalya Alexeevna of Russia.
1086-08-21 was the date of death for Emperor Huizong of Western Xia. He was married to Empress Liang and his mother was Empress Liang. He was a member of the Tangut people and his religion was Buddhism.
Francis Marrash was a doctor who died in Aleppo in 1874. He had a sister called Maryana who was born in Aleppo.
Évariste Galois was a mathematician who died in Paris on 1832-04-04. He was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery. His most notable work was the Galois Theory.
Emperor Duzong of Song was a ruler and his wife was Wang Qinghui. He was born in the House of Zhao and his child was Zhao Shu. He was the Emperor of China.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in China and died in the same place. He was the Emperor of China and his wife was Yu Xiurong. His mother was Qi guo furun and his father was Zhao Yurui.
Buddy Holly was born in Lubbock and died in Clear Lake. He was a songwriter and played the violin. His genre was country music.
Emperor Ming of Han was born and died in Luoyang. He was the Emperor of China and had two children, Liu Ci and Liu Ying.
Emily Dickinson was born in Amherst and is a writer and poet. Her father is Edward Dickinson and her relative is Martha Dickinson Bianchi.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and died in Luoyang. He was the Crown Prince and had two children, Liu Hui and Emperor Zhang of Han.
Emily Dickinson was born on 10th December 1830. She was influenced by Ralph Waldo Emerson and her native language is English. Her father was Edward Dickinson and her mother was Emily Norcross Dickinson.
Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and his mother was Julia Domna. He was a Roman Emperor and his father was Septimius Severus who had a child named Geta.
Tony Garnier was born on 13th August 1869. He was an urban planner and his notable work is Vacherie. He was employed by Beaux-Arts de Paris and his archives are at the Institut Francais d'Architecture.
Renaud is a singer and composer who works for Charlie Hebdo. He has blond hair and his mother is Solange Mériaux/Séchan.
Louis de Funes was born in Courbevoie and died on 27 January 1983. He was married to Jeanne de Funes and was an actor.
Isetnofret was a Great Royal Wife and the mother of Khaemweset. She was the daughter of Merneptah and died in Faiyum.
Artur Mas was born on 31 January 1956 and is a Catalan speaker. He worked as an economist and was a city councilor of Barcelona.
Sebastián Piñera was born on 1949-12-01. He is an investor and his employer is Adolfo Ibáñez University. He is married to Cecilia Morel and his mother is Magdalena Echenique.
Lena Meyer-Landrut, who goes by the name Lena, is a pianist and performs independent music. She is located in Cologne and has a notable work called Satellite.
Emperor Taizu of Liao was married to Xiao Shi and had a child called Yelü Zhigu. Yelü Zhigu has a sibling called Yelü Lihu. Yelü Yaliguo is an aristocrat and his mother is Xiao Shi.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and died in Rome. He was the son of Lucius Vitellius the Elder and his mother was Sextilia. He was a Roman Emperor.
Sima Xi was born on 316 and died on 381. He was a politician and had a son named Emperor Ming of Jin. Emperor Ming of Jin's father was Emperor Yuan of Jin.
Margaret Wycherly was born in London on 26 October 1881. She was a film actor and died in New York City on 6 June 1956.
Friedrich Ebert was a politician who worked in Berlin. He was the President of Germany and his mother was Katharina Ebert. He was buried in Bergfriedhof.
Lucy Everest Boole is the daughter of George Boole and Mary Everest Boole. Mary Everest Boole was a mathematician and her field of work was philosophy. Ethel Lilian Voynich is the sister of Lucy Everest Boole.
Emperor Zhang of Han, who held the position of Emperor of China, had a mother called Consort Jia. Liu Nu was his son and Liu Chen was his brother. Liu Nu's father was Emperor Ming of Han.
Michel Audiard was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. He was a dialogue writer and his son was Francois Audiard. He died of natural causes and was buried in the Cimetière de Montrouge.
Yuri Gagarin was born in Klushino and died on 27 March 1968. He was a Lieutenant and served in the Soviet Union's 22nd Congress of the Communist Party. He had a son called Aleksey and a daughter called Galina.
Gary Gygax is a fantasy writer who is married to Mary Jo Powell. He has a son called Ernest Gary Gygax Jr and his father is Ernest Gygax. Dungeons and Dragons is one of his notable works.
Gladwyn Jebb was born on 25 April 1900 and his religion is Anglicanism. He was a politician and worked in Strasbourg. He was a member of the European Parliament and his mother was Rose Chichester.
Greta Garbo was a film actor who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. He was born in Karl Alfred Gustafsson and Anna Lovisa Johansdotter. He died in New York City and was buried in Skogskyrkogarden.
Margaret Wycherly, who was married to the film director Bayard Veiller, was a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award nominee. She died of a disease in New York City on 6 June 1956.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and died in Rome. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder, a military man. His mother was Sextilia.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother called Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was married to Xiao Chuo and his sister was Yelü Houabu. He was an aristocrat and a member of the Liao dynasty. He died on 1982-10-13.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer is a poet and philosopher who is known by the pseudonym Allegoriowitsch. He worked in Tübingen and was employed by the University of Stuttgart. He has an archive at the ETH Zurich University Archives.
Enrico de Nicola was born on 11/09/1877 and died on 10/01/1959. He was a judge and worked in Rome. He died in Torre del Greco.
Troian Bellisario was born on 28 October 1985 and is from the United States. Her native language is English. Her parents are Donald Bellisario and Deborah Pratt, the latter of which is a TV producer and is married to Donald.
Paul Otlet was born in Brussels on 23 August 1868. He was an inventor who was influenced by Edmond Picard and had a brother called Maurice.
Coluche was born on 28 October 1944 and is married to Veronique Colucci. He is a French speaking screenwriter and was a founder of Charlie Hebdo.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and his mother Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was married to Xiao Chuo and his child was Yelu Yanshounu. He was the Emperor of China and his sibling was Yelü Hegudian.
Alexander Pushkin was a bretteur who was married to Natalia Pushkina. He was a Russian speaker and his father was Sergey Pushkin. He died from a ballistic trauma. He had a son named Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin.
Coluche was a comic who worked for Charlie Hebdo. He was French speaking and died in an accident. He was married to Véronique Colucci and was created by the Restaurants du Cœur.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and Xiao Chuo. He was married to Xiao Chuo and had a child named Yelu Changshounu. He was a member of the Liao dynasty.
John Bardeen was born on 23 May 1908. He was a physics professor and his son was William A Bardeen. He was a Nobel Prize in physics nominee.
Donald Tusk was born in Gdańsk and has 2 children, one of which is named Michał Tusk. He is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and his ethnic group is Polish. He worked in Brussels.
Raimbaut of Orange was a poet who died in 1173. He was the son of Raimbaut II Count of Orange and his wife, Tiburge of Orange. Raimbaut II Count of Orange was the father of Tiburge of Orange, who was born in 1105 and died in Tibors de Sarenom.
Subhas Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack and died in Taihoku. He was a Hindu and his child was Anita Bose Pfaff. He wrote in English. One of his relatives was Sisir Kumar Bose.
Alfred Jarry was a tuberculosis sufferer who died of natural causes. He was a visual artist who was known as Docteur Faustroll. He was buried in the Cimetière parisien de Bagneux. Alfred Jarry had worked for the Print Collection of the New York Public Library.
Donald Tusk is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and an international forum participant. He is married to Małgorzata Tusk and has two children. He is a Kashubian and lives in Brussels.
John Bardeen was born on 23 May 1908 and died of a myocardial infarction. He was an electrical engineer and was employed by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was a student of Eugene Wigner and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in physics.
Adolphe Thiers was born in Marseille and died in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. He was a writer and held the position of President of the French Republic. He worked in Paris.
Raimbaut of Orange was born in Orange and his father was William of Aumelas. He was a troubadour and his occupation was in the Occitan culture. He has a sibling called Tibors de Sarenom.
Alfred Jarry was a French speaking dramaturge who died of natural causes. He was the author of Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll Pataphysician. He was a member of the Museum De Scheper and was buried in the Cimetière parisien de Bagneux.
Herman Melville was born in New York City and died in the Woodlawn Cemetery. He was a travel writer and art collector. His father was Allan Melville and his sister was Allan Melville.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Munich and his father was Justus Christian Felix Seidel. He studied under Johann Franz Encke and graduated with a doctorate. He was a mathematician and held the position of a professor.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Zweibrücken and died on 1896-08-13. He was a doctorate student of Franz Ernst Neumann and Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner. He was a Ritter.
Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and died in Trieste. He was a French speaking poet who held seat 11 of the Académie française. His wife was Hélène Morand.
Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. He was a novelist and his most notable work is L'Homme pressé. He was the ambassador of France to Switzerland and his archives are at the Swiss Literary Archives. French is his native language.
1. Albert II of Belgium, who was a senator by right, was born in the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. He has a sister called Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium and a daughter called Princess Delphine of Belgium. His father was Leopold III of Belgium. Albert II of Belgium was a Duke of Saxony.
Stéphane Mallarmé was a literary critic who worked for the Lycée Janson-de-Sailly. He was a Frenchman who studied at Charles Seignobos' school and had works in the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam. He died in Valvins.
Pietro Mennea was born in Barletta and his nickname is La Freccia del Sud. He was a politician and worked in Strasbourg. He was a participant in the 1984 Summer Olympics in the men's 200 metres. Pietro Mennea was a member of the European Parliament.
Karl Bryullov was a Romanticism painter and his genre was history painting. He was married to Emilie Timm and studied under Pimen Orlov. He had works in the Hermitage Museum and died in Manziana.
Steve Mandanda was born in Kinshasa on 28 March 1985. He is a French speaking footballer who has played in the Ligue 1. He weighs 82.0 kilograms.
Steve Mandanda was born in Kinshasa on 28 March 1985. He is 82.0 kg in weight and plays football for a living. He was a participant in the 2010-11 Ligue 1 season.
Salvador Allende was a doctor who died on 1973-09-11 in Santiago. He was married to Miria Contreras and his father was Salvador Allende Castro. Allende was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born on 09/09/1918. He was a politician and worked as the Italian Minister of Transports. He was married to Marianna Scalfaro and died in Rome.
Jonny Lee Miller was born on November 15th, 1972. He is a film actor who is married to Michele Hicks and has 2 children. He is a native English speaker and his mother is Anne Gladys Lee.
Tara Strong is a playback singer who has 2 children, including Sammy Strong. Aden Strong is her other child and was born on 25 August 2004.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a child named Marie of Armenia and her mother is Sibylla of Lusignan. Leo II was born on 24 January 1236 and died on 6 February 1289. He was the King of Armenia.
Antoninus Pius was born in Lanuvium and was an Ancient Roman senator. He had a son called Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus and a daughter called Marcus Galerius Aurelius Antoninus. His wife was Faustina the Elder, who had a father called Marcus Annius Verus.
Emperor Wu of Jin has several children, including Sima Ai, Sima Xian and Lingshou. He also has a wife, Wang Yuanji.
Stevie Wonder was born in Saginaw and is an African American. He is a pianist and percussionist who performs soul music. He has a child named Keita Morris.
Kate Bush is a guitarist and mime artist who performs baroque pop music. She has one child and is owned by Noble & Brite. She has been nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Song.
Kublai Khan was born in Khanbaliq and died in Sorghaghtani Beki. He was married to Bayaujin Khatun and had two children, Shireki and Nomugan. His father was Tolui.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was an economist who worked at the Montparnasse Cemetery. He was a member of the French National Assembly and died on 19 January 1865. He was influenced by Claude Henri de Rouvroy comte de Saint-Simon and wrote the book What is Property.
Bruno Mars was born on 8th October 1985. He is a soul musician and plays the guitar. He is a member of the band Silk Sonic and his occupation is a music video director. Eric Hernandez is his sibling.
Snoop Dogg, whose musical genre is Contemporary R&B, is an actor and singer. He is married to Shante and his relative is Ray J. Snoop Dogg is also known as Snoopzilla.
Lance Armstrong was born on 18th September 1971 in Plano. He is a triathlete and was a participant in the 2001 UCI Road World Rankings. He has a mother called Linda Gayle Mooneyham and an unmarried partner called Tory Burch.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film editor who worked for the company Mosfilm. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya and died of natural causes. He was born in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery. The Mirror is one of his notable works.
Antonio Segni was born in Sassari and was a Catholic. He was a diplomat and worked in Rome. He had a son named Mario Segni.
Céline Dion was born on 30 March 1968. She is a composer and her musical genre is variety. She was a participant in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1988 and is married to René Angélil. Her sibling is Jacques Dion and her sponsor is Air Canada.
George W. Bush was born in the United States and his blood type is O. He was a politician and his military rank was first lieutenant. He played rugby and was the President of the United States. He had a child named Barbara Bush and his writing language was English.
Chahe is a member of the Chingissid family and is married to Genghis Khan. Genghis Khan's mother is Hoelun and his father is Yesugei. Li Chengzhen is the child of Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia and is a princess.
George W. Bush was born in New Haven and his religion is Methodism. He is a senior lieutenant in the military and his blood type is O. He is a writer and his language is English. His sister is Neil Bush.
Ella Fitzgerald was born on 25 April 1918 and has the nickname of la Reina del jazz. She was a recording artist and was influenced by Maxine Sullivan. She was buried at Inglewood Park Cemetery and her musical archive is held at the Library of Congress Music Division. Her father was William Fitzgerald.
Douglas Adams was born on 11th March 1952. He is a playwright and a science fiction writer. He plays the guitar and his notable work is The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pentalogy.
Charles X of France was born in Paris and died in the Annunciation Parish Church in Nova Gorica. He was the son of Louis Dauphin of France and his wife was Rosalie Duthé. He had a sibling named Louis XVIII of France and a child named Sophie d'Artois. He worked at the Archives nationales.
Ella Fitzgerald was born on 25 April 1918 and died of natural causes in Beverly Hills. She was a bandleader and was known as la Reina del jazz. She was in the Library of Congress Music Division Archives.
Dante Alighieri was influenced by Aristotle and his work was the Convivio. He was a Latin speaker and his death was from natural causes. He was born in Italy and his tomb is located there. He had a brother named Francesco Alighieri and he was depicted by Dante Alighieri presenting Giotto to Guido da Polenta.
Blaise Pascal was a Catholic and a mathematician. He was a student of Marin Mersenne and his notable work is Pensées. He has works in the collection of Musée des Arts et Métiers and his field of work is probability theory. He is known by the pseudonym Louis de Montalte.
Johannes Brahms was born on 7th May 1834. He was a doctor of music and a conductor. He wrote in German and his notable work was the Tragic Overture. He was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna. He died of liver cancer.
Jozef Piludski was born in Poland and died in Warsaw. He was the Chief of State in Poland and his native language was Polish. He was employed by the National University of Kharkiv. His siblings included Adam Piludski.
Grace Kelly was an American English speaking Western writer. She was an aristocrat and had a sister named Elizabeth. She died in a traffic collision in the Commune of Monaco.
Gerhard Schröder was born on 7 April 1944 and is married to Anne Taschenmacher. He was a member of the German Bundestag and worked as a lobbyist for Rosneft. His nickname is Acker and his sibling is Lothar Vosseler.
Duke Ellington was born on 29 April 1899 and died on 24 May 1974. He was an African American bandleader and his notable work was Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me). He studied with Marietta Clinkscales and his musical archive is held at the Library of Congress Music Division.
François Hollande is a French speaking politician who worked in Strasbourg. He is the father of Flora Hollande and has an unmarried partner, Ségolène Royal. François Hollande is an agnostic.
Matsuo Basho was born in Japan and his native language is Japanese. He was named after Musa basjoo and his notable work is Nozarashi kikō. He studied under Kitamura Kigin and was employed by Sengin.
David Lynch was born in Missoula and is a musician. He has 4 children and is married to Mary Sweeney. He is a magician and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. Isabella Rossellini is his unmarried partner.
Coco Austin was born in Palos Verdes Peninsula and is an English speaking erotic photography model. She has a child named Chanel Nicole Marrow. Coco Austin is married to Ice-T, a hip hop musician who has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
Barbra Streisand is a traditional pop music performer and stage actor. She is owned by Barbra Streisand collectie and is the daughter of Emanuel Streisand. She is an English speaker and was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
Louis Armstrong, who has the nickname of Satchmo, was a street artist and jazz musician. He studied under Bunk Johnson and was a resident of the Louis Armstrong House. He has works in the collection of ZKM | Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe and was buried in Flushing Cemetery.
José Rizal was born on 19 June 1861. He was a politician and ophthalmologist who died in Manila. He was a member of the Latin Church and was related to Delfina Herbosa de Natividad.
Stanley Kubrick was born on 26 July 1928 and died on 7 March 1999. He was a professional photographer and was a member of the chess club. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects and died of a myocardial infarction at Childwickbury Manor.
Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau and died in Bergkirche. He was a pianist and organist who worked in the performing arts. He studied with Sigismund von Neukomm and his works are in the collection of the Procuratoria di San Marco musical archive.
Louis XVI of France was a ruler and his occupation was King of France and Navarre. He was born a Duke and his title was King of France and Navarre. He was married to Marie Antoinette and his sibling was Louis XVIII of France. He was depicted by the Portrait of Louis XVI King of France and Navarre (1754-1793) and his place of burial was the Basilica of Saint-Denis.
Albert II Prince of Monaco, whose family is the House of Grimaldi, is an environmentalist and bobsleigh participant. He is the son of the late Prince Rainier III of Monaco and is unmarried to Angie Everhart. Albert II Prince of Monaco is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2023.
Willy Brandt was a German speaking politician who worked in Berlin. He was a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin and died of colorectal cancer on 1992-10-08.
Willy Brandt was a member of the German Bundestag and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was an autobiographer who worked in Brussels and was the father of Ninja Frahm. He was buried in the Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf. He died on 1992-10-08.
Frédéric Chopin was a music teacher who worked with waltz. He was born to Nicolas Chopin and has a sister called Ludwika Jędrzejewicz Chopin. He was married to Maria Wodzińska and died of tuberculosis.
Antonio Vivaldi was a viola d'amore player and a composer of sinfonia. He held the position of kapellmeister and had students named František Jiránek and Giovanni Battista Vivaldi. He died on 28 July 1741. One of his notable works was Juditha triumphans.
1834-09-24 is the date of death for Pedro I of Brazil, who was born in the Palace of Queluz. He died of natural causes. Pedro I of Brazil was married to Domitila de Castro Marchioness of Santos and had a child named Maria Isabel de Alcântara Countess of Iguaçu. He also had a sibling named Francisco António Prince of Beira.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon and his father was John Shakespeare. He was a poet and his notable work was the sonnets. He was an English Renaissance theatre artist and his native language was Early Modern English. He had a child named Judith Quiney.
James Joyce was a writer who wrote in English and was a notable work A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. He was a resident of the Harry Ransom Center and was a student of Minneapolis Institute of Art. He was a wearer of eyeglasses and was a sponsor of Harriet Shaw Weaver.
Charlie Chaplin was born in Walworth and his father was Charles Chaplin Sr. He was a composer and was married to Paulette Goddard. He was employed by Keystone Studios and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. Eugene Chaplin was his son.
John Lennon was born on 10/09/1940. He was a prosaist and played the harmonica. He was married to Yoko Ono. He has works in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and his most notable work is Imagine. He died in New York City.
John Lennon was a writer and musician who was married to Cynthia Lennon. He was a member of the band The_Plastics and was an experimental musician. He was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. He ended his career in 1980 and was in a relationship with May Pang.
Paul McCartney is a guitarist and pianist who performs art rock. He is owned by MPL Communications and has a father, Jim McCartney and a sibling, Mike McGear. He is a deist and has a religion or worldview of deism.
Charles Dickens was born on 7 February 1812 and died at Gads Hill Place. He was a prosaist and his works are in the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. He was married to Mary Dickens and his family is known as the Dickens family.
Lionel Messi was born in Rosario and his native language is Spanish. He is a member of the 2017-18 UEFA Champions League and his nickname is Leo. He is married to Antonela Roccuzzo and has a son called Mateo Messi Roccuzzo. Emanuel Biancucchi is a relative of his.
Prince, whose musical genre is Contemporary R&B, was influenced by The Beatles. He is a percussionist and his writing language is English. He has a child called Amiir Gregory Nelson and his pseudonym is Joey Coco. He was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor.
George Sand, who died on 8th May 1876, was a Romanticist and was influenced by Virgil. She was a regionalist and was married to Alfred de Musset. Her title was Baroness and her archives are at the Bibliothèque historique de la Ville de Paris.
Carl Linnaeus was born on 23 May 1707 and married Sara Elisabeth Moraea. He studied at Uppsala University and his notable work was Systema Naturae. He had a daughter called Lovisa von Linné and his students included Alexander von Karamyschew and Olof Celsius.
Neil Young is a songwriter and banjo player who performs country rock music. He is married to Pegi Young and lives in Los Angeles. He was a participant in Live Aid and was nominated for the Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Michael Jackson was a film director and percussion player who was influenced by Sammy Davis Jr. He was a Jehovah's Witness and his notable work was Thriller. He died in Los Angeles.
Gustave Doré was born in France and began his career as an illustrator. He worked for Le Charivari and Städel Museum. He also owns the Enigma, a notable work of religious art.
Gustave Doré was a Romantic painter who worked in Paris. He died of natural causes and was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery. He has works in the Saint Louis Art Museum and his most notable work is Andromeda.
Henri Matisse was a French speaking atheist who studied under Filip Wahlström. He was a portrait painter and was a participant in the Documenta 1. He died of a myocardial infarction. The Print Collection of the New York Public Library has his works.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born in Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Charlemagne was a monarch and a sovereign.
Robert de Boron is a writer and a poet.
Le Chastelain de Couci is a composer and a poet.
Mahieu le Juif is a composer who uses the French language.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer who uses the French language.
Donato Bustamante, a High Renaissance artist, died in Rome.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo was born in Milan and died on 11 July 1593.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and is an organic chemist.
Nerva held the position of Roman Consul and was Roman Emperor.
Francesco Ubertini, who was a painter, has a notable work called Saint Sebastian.
Hafez is a Sunni Muslim.
Bramantino was born in Milan and makes a living as a painter.
Nerva held the position of Roman Emperor and Roman Consul.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a historian who wrote the book Histories of Alexander the Great.
François Villon was born in Paris and makes a living as a poet.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born in Toulouse and makes a living as a composer.
Tom Biss was born on 20 January 1993 in Hastings.
Folquet de Marselha is a composer and a poet.
Folquet de Marselha is a composer and a Catholic priest.
Leslie Barnett, a molecular biologist, is buried in the Cambridge City Cemetery.
John of Hauville is a Latin speaking poet.
Leslie Barnett was a molecular biologist who died on 2002-02-10.
Hernán Cortés was born in Medellin and was an explorer.
Narcis Mršić was born in Jesenice and died on 1997-09-16.
Jan de Kreek was born on the 11th of October 1903 and died on the 14th of February 1988.
Yann M'Vila is a football player who weighs 86.0 kilograms.
Mark Millar, who was born in Coatbridge, is a member of the Celtic FC support team.
Gilles-Éric Séralini was born in Annaba and his field of work is endocrinology.
Laurent Dauthuille was born on 20 February 1924 and was a boxer.
Kurt Von Hess was a professional wrestler who died on 1999-03-13.
Štefan Michieli was born on 1933-05-15 and is an entomologist.
Pattie Maes was born in the Brussels-Capital region and is employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Emperor Xian of Han's father was Emperor Ling of Han, who was the Emperor of China.
Mariya Savinova is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Daniele Greco is a professional sprinter and his occupation is an athlete.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon was born in 1966 and is a writer.
Chris Hooijkaas was born on 1861-01-06 and makes his living as a sailor.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a French speaking writer.
Dan O'Brien is a combined track and field event athlete who plays for the sport of athletics.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on 1960-12-09 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Janay DeLoach was born in Panama City and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Claire Holt is an Australian English speaking actor.
Mitchell Watt, who weighs 83.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Tony Barbieri is a TV actor who writes in English.
Aries Merritt was born in Chicago and makes a living as an athlete.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born on 7th March 1987 in Clamart.
Elsie Widdowson, who died of a disease, had a doctorate in philosophy.
Dennis Lawrence was born on 1974-08-01 and is a football manager.
Mathieu Debuchy, who was born in Fretin, is a football player who played in the 2014 World Cup.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and died in Paris. He was a translator.
Dennis Lawrence, who weighs 76.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and ended his career in 2010.
Fra Angelico was an illuminator who died in Florence on 18 February 1455.
Karen Wetterhahn was a chemist who died of mercury poisoning on 1997-06-08.
Sébastien Squillaci, who weighs 79.0 kilograms, is a Frenchman who played in the 2008 UEFA Euro.
Bernard Lacombe was born on 15 August 1952 and is a football manager who played in the 1982 World Cup.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and died in Paris. He was a playwright.
Tariku Bekele, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, is a long-distance runner who was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born on 13th May 1984 and is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Javier Culson is an athlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Chen Ding was born on 5 August 1992 and is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Samir Nasri, born on 26 June 1987, is a Muslim who played for the UEFA Euro 2008.
Chloë Grace Moretz was born on 10 February 1997 and is a native English speaker. She is a voice actor.
Manoel da Costa Ataide was born on 18 October 1762 and died in Mariana Minas Gerais. He was a painter.
Laurent Mourguet, a puppet designer, died on 1844-12-30 in Vienne.
Brownie Mary was born on 22nd December 1922 and died on 10th April 1999. She was an HIV/AIDS activist.
Natalya Antyukh, a hurdler, was in the 2004 Summer Olympics and weighs 68.0 kilograms.
Barbora Špotáková is an athlete who weighs 80.0 kilograms and competes in athletics.
Richard Steven Horvitz is a singer who wrote the TV series Invader Zim in English.
Linda Stahl was born in Steinheim and is a javelin thrower who was a participant in the 2017 German presidential election.
Andrea del Sarto was a student of Raffaellino del Garbo, who was born in Barberino Val d'Elsa and died in Florence.
Marc Girardelli, who was born in Lustenau and is employed by Bemer, was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics – men's giant slalom.
Mack Wilberg was born in Price in 1955 and is a university teacher.
Krisztián Pars was born in Szentgotthárd and weighs 113.0 kilograms. He is an athlete.
Sandra Lerner was born in 1955 and is a computer scientist married to Leonard Bosack.
Etienne-Barthélemy Garnier, who died on 1849-11-16, is located in the Montparnasse Cemetery and worked in Florence.
Norma Stitz was born on 22nd December 1956 and has a mass of 159.0 kilograms. She has hypertrophy of breast.
Denny Hulme was a Formula One driver who died of a myocardial infarction in natural causes.
Dean Ho is a professional wrestler who is English speaking and weighs 120.0 kilograms.
Sally Pearson, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Laurent Blanc, who was born in Alès and weighs 86.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
T-killah, whose rapper occupation is Taras, was born in Moscow.
65.0 kg athlete, Mutaz Essa Barshim, competed in the men's high jump at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Mary L. Good, who worked for AlliedSignal, was a university teacher and held the position of United States Secretary of Commerce.
Tomasz Majewski was born on 30 August 1981 and is an athlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Blaise Matuidi was born in Toulouse and is a football player who played in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Olivier Giroud was born on 30th September 1986, weighs 93.0 kilograms and speaks French.
Jimmy Bennett was born in Seal Beach and his work is music. He writes in English.
Jim Clark was born on 1936-03-14 and died at Hockenheimring. He was a farmer.
Kateri Tekakwitha was born in Montgomery County and died in Kahnawake. He was a religious leader.
Livio Berruti, born in Turin, is an Italian writer and an athlete.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a jurist and translator who died in Frombork.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal, an Islamic athlete, was a participant in the 2006 Asian Games.
Vivian Cheruiyot was born in the Keiyo District and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is an athlete.
Olha Saladukha, born in Donetsk, is a politician who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women's triple jump.
Caster Semenya, who is from the Northern Sotho region, has a mass of 70.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Katsuko Saruhashi was born on 22 March 1920 and died of natural causes. She was commissioned by the Saruhashi Prize.
Yelena Isinbayeva, a captain in the military, played athletics in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Benotit Potier was born in Mulhouse on 1957-09-03 and is employed by Air Liquide.
Patrice O'Neal was born on 7th December 1969 and is a native English speaker. He is a TV actor and his writing language is English.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter and has a son called Benedetto. Benedetto Carpaccio has works in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago and died in Koper.
Ezekiel Kemboi was born on 25 May 1982 in Marakwet District. He is an athlete who competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Gordian II, who died in Carthage, was the son of Gordian I. He held the position of Roman Emperor and was also the Roman Consul.
Ann A. Kiessling was born on 29 March 1942 in Baker City. She was an inventor and worked in assisted reproductive technology.
1991-07-20 born Heidi Weng is a professional cross-country skier who was a participant in the 2014 Winter Olympics - women's 15 km skiathlon. Heidi Weng is a member of the Red Bull Gmbh.
Ann A. Kiessling was born in Baker City and worked as a university teacher in the field of biology. She was employed by Harvard University.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk. He was a translator, a conceptual artist and a librettist.
Vreni Schneider was born in Elm on November 26th, 1964. She is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics - women's giant slalom.
Patrice O'Neal was born in New York City on 12/07/1969. He was a TV actor and died of natural causes.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison on 1758-02-10. She was married to Benjamin Thompson and died on 1836-02-10.
Carlos Pellicer was born in Villahermosa and died in Mexico City. He was a writer and his relative is Ana Pellicer.
Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog and died of tuberculosis. He was a journalist and his wife was Olga Knipper.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and died in Père Lachaise Cemetery. She was married to Antoine Lavoisier and was a chemist.
Gustav Thöni was born in Stilfs and weighs 66.0 kilograms. He is an alpine skier and competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics in the men's slalom.
Manfred von Richthofen was a cavalry master and airman who was awarded the title of Freiherr. He was buried in the South Cemetery Wiesbaden.
Benjamin Raich was born in Arzl im Pitztal and is married to Marlies Schild. He was a participant in the 2002 Winter Olympics and weighs 83.0 kilograms.
John Frazier was born in Richmond on 23rd September 1944. He was an artist who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Allene Jeanes was born in Waco and died in Urbana. He was a chemist who worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
bn Battuta was born in Tangier and is a geographer and an explorer. He is a Muslim.
Jochen Rindt was married to Nina Rindt and his father was Karl Rindt. Jochen Rindt died at the Monza Circuit and was buried at the Zentralfriedhof Graz.
José Bové was born on 11 June 1953 and is a politician who works in Strasbourg. He is a participant in the Dialogue for Catalonia.
Laura Ludwig is a professional beach volleyball player who weighs 70.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships.
Francis van Bossuit was born in Brussels and is a sculptor who works in Rome. He has works in the collection of the Rijksmuseum.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle was born on 24 June 1942 and his occupation is politician. He held the position of senator of Chile and his mother is Maria Ruiz-Tagle.
Florent Malouda was born on 13th June 1980 and weighs 75.0 kilograms. He played football in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Allen Sheppard was born on 25th December 1932 and died on 25th March 2015. He had a father called John Baggott Sheppard who was married to Lily Marjorie Palmer.
Antiochus III the Great, who was the father of Seleucus IV Philopator, was a member of the Seleucid family. His wife was Laodice II and his son was Mithridates.
Austrian Marcel Hirscher, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is the son of Ferdinand Hirscher. He is a participant in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Catherine Coleman was born on 1960-12-14 in Charleston. She is a chemist and an engineer.
Theopompus was a student of Isocrates, who was a student of Tisias. Tisias was born in Syracuse and studied under Corax of Syracuse.
Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich was born in the Keiyo District. He is a long-distance runner and weighs 62.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2013 Berlin Marathon.
Abou Diaby was born on 11th May 1986 and his religion is Islam. He is related to Sekana Diaby, who is a football player.
Kalidasa is a writer and lyricist who performs drama fiction. His most notable work is Abhigyanashakuntalam.
Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and is a relative of Gabre Gabric. He is a politician and an athlete.
Cleopatra, who died from a poisoning, was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt. She had a child called Cleopatra Selene II and her father was Ptolemy XII Auletes.
Leo Ortolani was born in Pisa and has 2 children. He is a comic artist and his most notable work is Venerdì 12.
Rurik has a son called Igor of Kiev, who is married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv. Uleb Igorevich has Olga of Kiev for a mother.
Mo Farah, who was a member of the Arsenal F.C. sports team, competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is an autobiographer.
Priscah Jeptoo is a long-distance runner who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is different from Rita Jeptoo, an athlete.
Alberto Tomba was born in Bologna and is an actor. He competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Alpine Skiing.
Michelangelo was a general contractor who studied under Poliziano. He was a member of the Renaissance movement and was later buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce.
Marco Polo was born in Venice and died in the same place. He was an ambassador and was buried in San Lorenzo Venice.
William Gallas was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and ended his career in 2014. He was a footballer.
Luigi Galvani was born in Bologna on 09/09/1737. He was an anatomist and died on 12/04/1798.
Anibal Zanartu was born on 12 April 1847 in Concepcion. He was a politician and later became an ambassador.
John Romita Jr was born on 1956-08-17 and has a father who is a visual artist, John Romita Sr. One of his notable works is Iron Man.
Rachel Maddow was born on 1 April 1973 and is a professional actor. He is married to Susan Mikula and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Audio Book Narration & Storytelling Recording.
Tess Gerritsen was born on 12th June 1953 and is a TV writer and author of detective literature. She writes in English.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was a Catholic who was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He was the brother of Javier Ibanez del Campo and died in Santiago.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was born on 1877-11-03 and died on 1960-04-28. He was a politician and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Javier Ibanez del Campo was his sibling.
Sergei Eisenstein was born in Riga and died in Moscow. He was a cinematographer and was buried at the Novodevichy Cemetery. His father was Mikhail Eisenstein.
Linda Lovelace was born on 10 January 1949 and died in an accident. She was a pornographic actor and ended her career in 1975. Her most notable work was Deep Throat.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom on 20th September 1937. He has a son called Simon James Kirksey Dear and a father called Cecil William Dear. He is married to Alison Jean Jones Martin.
Tess Gerritsen was born in San Diego on June 12th, 1953. She is a writer of detective literature and her native language is English. Tess Gerritsen's writing language is English.
Franz Beckenbauer, who was born in Germany, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms. He is a football manager and his nickname is Der Kaiser. He played for the German national football team in the 1972 UEFA Euro. He is the relative of Luca Beckenbauer.
Quintus Petronius Didius Severus is the father of Didius Julianus, who was born in Mediolanum. He was married to Manlia Scantilla and was an Ancient Roman senator. He died in Rome.
Jacqueline Cochran was born in Pensacola and died in Indio. She was a participant in the MacRobertson Air Race and was buried in the Coachella Valley Public Cemetery. Her nickname was Jackie.
Guy Teissier was born on 4 April 1945 and is a French national. He was a politician and worked as a member of the French National Assembly. He has had COVID-19.
Franz Beckenbauer was born in Munich and has a son called Stephan Beckenbauer. He was a footballer and was a participant in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He held the position of honorary chairperson.
Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka, Belarus. He was a journalist and his wife was Uladzislava Lutsevich. Uladzislava Lutsevich was buried in the Military Cemetery Minsk.
Alessandro Volta was a physiologist and inventor who was married to Teresa Peregrini and had a son called Zanino. He wrote in Italian.
Ricardo Lagos was born in Santiago and is married to Carmen Weber. He is a lawyer and his employer is Duke University. He has a son called Ricardo Lagos Weber.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Pocuro and died in Santiago. He was married to Juana Rosa Aguirre and held the position of President of Chile. He is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his mother is Antonia Minor. Antonia Minor is married to Nero Claudius Drusus and has a son called Germanicus.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Pocuro and died in Santiago. He was a senator of Chile and died of tuberculosis.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in Orange and died in 1198. He was a poet and his son was Bertrand II des Baux Seigneur de Brett et de Marignane. His wife was Tiburge of Orange.
Walter Ulbricht was born on 30 June 1893 and died on 1 August 1973. He was an atheist and worked in Dresden. He was buried at the Socialists' Memorial.
Septimius Severus was born in Leptis Magna and was married to Julia Domna. He had a son called Septimia Major and a father called Publius Septimius Geta. Septimius Severus was the Roman Emperor.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in 1130 and died in 1182. He was a composer and his musical genre was Medieval music. He had a sibling called Raimbaut of Orange.
Ichiro Suzuki was born on 22nd October 1973 in Toyoyama. He weighs 71.0 kilograms, has the blood type B and plays baseball.
Emperor Yang of Sui, who was born in the year 569, has a wife called Princess Guangde and a son called Yang Zhao. He also has a father called Emperor Wen of Sui and a mother called Empress Dugu Qieluo.
Seleucus III Ceraunus was born to Seleucus II Callinicus and his wife Laodice I. Antiochus III the Great was Seleucus II's son. Antiochus II Theos was married to Laodice I and has a son named Antiochus.
Agnes Pockels was born on 1862-02-14 and died on 1935-11-21. She was a chemist who worked in Brunswick. Her sibling was Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels.
Born on 24 June 1939, Brigitte Fontaine is a singer and a poet. She is married to Areski Belkacem.
Antiochus II Theos was married to Berenice and his children included Seleucus II Callinicus and Laodice. Antiochus II Theos's mother was Stratonice of Syria.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born on 25 November 0902 and died on 15 May 0947. He was the Emperor of China and his mother was Shulü Ping. His child was Yelu Chaogui.
Allyson Felix was born in Los Angeles and is a sprinter. He is 55.0 kg heavy and his sport is athletics. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 4x100 metres relay.
Italo Balbo was born in 1896 and died in Tobruk. He was a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and his military rank was maresciallo dell'aria.
Adam Carolla was born on 27 May 1964 in Los Angeles. He is a comedian and radio journalist who is atheist.
Judith Estrin was born in 1954 and has a father called Gerald. She was an engineer and has a sister called Deborah who worked for Cornell Tech.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was born on 14 October 1899 and died on 3 May 1978 in Los Angeles. He was married to Ruth Elder and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Special Effects.
Giovanni Gronchi was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He was born in Italy and died in Rome on 1978-10-17. He had a laurea degree.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was born on 14 October 1899 and died in Los Angeles. He was a special effects artist who was nominated for an Academy Award.
Jürgen Locadia was born on 7 November 1993 in Emmen. He weighs 87.0 kilograms and plays football. He was a participant in the 2018–19 EFL Cup.
Allyson Felix was born in Los Angeles on November 18th, 1985. She is an athlete who weighs 55.0 kilograms. Allyson Felix competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics in the women's 4x400 metres relay.
Geoffrey Arend is a voice actor who is married to film actress Christina Hendricks. He is a native English speaker and his writing language is English.
Benedict XV was a Catholic who worked in Rome and was consecrated by Pius X. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and died in the Apostolic Palace.
Julia the Elder's father was Augustus, who was married to Scribonia and had Agrippa Postumus for a son. Augustus' mother was Atia and he held the position of pontifex maximus.
Pertinax was born in Alba and was married to Flavia Titiana. He held the position of Praefectus Urbis. Flavia Titiana was the ruler of her father, Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus.
Benedict XV was a Latin Catholic priest who worked in Rome. He was a participant in the 1914 papal conclave and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He died of pneumonia.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was the Emperor of China. He was married to Xiao Sagezhi and his father was Yelü Bei. He had a child called Yelv Sala and his sibling was Yelu Louguo.
Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs on the 18th of September 1979. She is an English speaking actor and writer.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and died in Rome. He was a Roman emperor and his mother was Sextilia. Lucius Vitellius the Younger was his son.
Jonathan Winters was born on November 11th, 1925. He was a film editor and died on Montecito, on April 11th, 2013. He wrote in English.
Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs on 18th September 1979. She is a film actor and her native language is English.
Julia the Elder was married to Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and has a father Augustus. Augustus was the Roman Emperor and has a son Gaius Caesar. Atia is the mother of Augustus.
Peter Jackson was born on 31 October 1961 and is married to Fran Walsh. He has a daughter called Katie and is a screenwriter. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Federico Errázuriz Echaurren was born in Santiago and died in Valparaíso. He was the President of Chile and his mother was Eulogia Echaurren.
Barbara, who is a French speaking film actor, was known as La Dame en noir. She died in Neuilly-sur-Seine and was buried in the Cimetière parisien de Bagneux.
Buddy Holly was a songwriter and singer who was a Baptist. He was born in the United States and died in Clear Lake on 1959-02-03.
Caligula was born in Antium and died in Palatine Hill. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his father was Germanicus. Agrippina the Elder was his mother and her child was Agrippina the Younger.
Emperor An of Jin's father was Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who was an emperor. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin's wife was Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and his child was Emperor Gong of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin's sibling was Sima Yusheng. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin died in Jiankang.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in Shaoxing and his family is the House of Zhao. He is married to Wang Qinghui and his mother is Qi Guo Furen. He is a ruler and his child is Zhao.
Zach Gilford was born in Evanston on January 14, 1982. He is a TV actor and his native language is English. He is married to Kiele Sanchez, who is an English writer.
Isaac Newton was born in Woolsthorpe Manor and died in Kensington. He was a writer and an alchemist. He was buried at Westminster Abbey.
Emperor Ai of Jin, who was married to Empress Wang Muzhi, had the Emperor Cheng of Jin for a father. Emperor Cheng of Jin was a politician and died on 0342-07-26. Emperor Kang of Jin was the Emperor Cheng of Jin's sibling and he was the Crown Prince of Jin.
Jonny Lee Miller was born in Kingston upon Thames and is a native English speaker. He is a TV actor and has 2 children. He is married to Michele Hicks and his mother is Anne Gladys Lee.
Buddy Holly was born in 1936 and died in Clear Lake. He was a rock musician who played the guitar. English is his native language.
Baron d'Holbach was born on 12/08/1723 and died on 06/21/1789. He was a translator and was buried in Saint-Roch. He was a relative of Francois Adam d'Holbach and was a nobleman.
Titus was born in Rome and his father was Vespasian. Vespasian was a plebeian aedile and his wife was Domitilla the Elder. Domitian was his son.
14 November 1922 was the birthdate of Boutros Boutros-Ghali, who died in Giza. He was a jurist and worked in the field of political science. His religion was the Coptic Orthodox Church. His father was Yusuf Butros Ghali.
Juan Antonio Flecha was born in Junin on 17th September 1977. He is a sport cyclist and weighs 72.0 kilograms. Juan Antonio Flecha was a participant in the 2003 UCI Road World Rankings.
Wanyan Yongji was born in 1168 and died in Beijing. He was married to the Princess Consort Shao of Wei and had a son called Wanyan Ju and a sister called Wanyan Shunian. His father was the Emperor Shizong of Jin.
Ernst Mayr was a natural history collector and atheist who worked as a philosopher. He was employed by Harvard University and died on 2005-02-03.
Emperor Zhang of Han, who held the position of Crown Prince, was the son of Emperor Ming of Han and Consort Jia. Liu Nu, who was born in the House of Liu, was a sister of Liu Chang and a child of Consort Jia.
Lutheran theologian Theodor Heuss was born on 31 January 1884. He was a member of the German Bundestag and worked for the University of Stuttgart. He was the relative of Kaspar Kantz and his sister was Ludwig Heuss.
Julius Caesar was born in Rome and his parents are Gaius Julius Caesar and Aurelia. He has a son called Augustus who was the Pontifex Maximus and his wife is Claudia.
Charles Lyell was a paleontologist who worked for King's College in London. He was married to Mary Horner Lyell and died on 1875-02-22. He was influenced by James Hutton and was from England.
Jaroslav Hašek is a novelist and satirist who was born in the Czech Republic. He is the son of Josef Hašek and his notable work is The Good Soldier Švejk. He writes in Czech.
André-Marie Ampère was born in Lyon and is a member of the Franciscans. He worked in electromagnetism and his notable work is in the same field. He has a child called Jean-Jacques Ampere and his student is Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Subhas Chandra Bose was a Bengali writer who was a revolutionary and a member of the Indian Independence Movement. He was a Hindu and held the position of Mayor of Kolkata. He worked for the Indian Civil Service.
Cesare Pavese was born in Santo Stefano Belbo. He was a prose writer and wrote novels. He was a biographer and wrote in Italian. One of his notable works is The Moon and the Bonfires.
Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo on 24 November 1939. He was a politician and worked in Brussels. Stina Morian, who held the position of analyst, was his child.
Françoise Sagan is a French writer who is married to Robert Westhoff. She has a notable work called Bonjour tristesse and is an ethnic group of France. She has an unmarried partner called Peggy Roche.
Emperor Mu of Jin was born in 343 and is a member of the House of Sima. He has a sibling called Emperor Jianwen of Jin and his father is Emperor Kang of Jin. Emperor Kang of Jin has a mother called Empress Yu Wenjun. Emperor Mu of Jin was a ruler.
Dorothy M. Needham was born on 22nd September 1896 and died on 22nd December 1987. She was married to Joseph Needham, who worked as a biochemist and died of Parkinson's disease. Dorothy M. Needham was a biochemist.
Plato was a philosopher of law who studied under Hermogenes. He was born in Athens and died in the Classical Athens. His father was Ariston of Athens and his mother was Perictione, who was married to Pyrilampes.
David Cameron was born on 9 October 1966 and his father was Ian Donald Cameron. He was a politician and worked as the Shadow Secretary of State for Education. He has a daughter called Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron and he was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2014.
Luigi Pirandello was a screenwriter who died in Rome. He had 3 children, one of which was Fausto Pirandello. His most notable work was L'Esclusa and he ended his career in 1936.
Saddam Hussein was born in Al-Awja and died on 2006-12-30. He was a Marshal and his wife was Sajida Talfah. He had a son called Qusay Hussein and his father was Hussein 'Abid al-Majid.
Paul Morand was born in Paris and died in the same city. He worked for the Éditions Gallimard and was the ambassador of France to Switzerland. He had a notable work called Air indien and his works are in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. His father was Eugene Morand.
Melissa Fahn was born in New York City and is a dancer. She is related to Jennie Fahn and Tom Fahn, who is married to Dorothy Elias-Fahn and is a writer in English.
Peyton Manning was born on 24 March 1976 and his occupation is American football. He is a native English speaker and his father is Archie Manning, who weighs 213.0 pounds.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born in Novara and died on 29 January 2012. He was a politician and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He was married to Maria Inzitari and his religion was Catholicism.
Adolf Butenandt was a researcher who worked in Munich for the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was a student of Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Napoleon II was a member of the House of Bonaparte and his occupation was a drawer. He was the King of the Romans and his Noble Title was the Emperor of the French. His sister was Émilie Pellapra and his Godparent was Caroline Bonaparte.
Ludwig Erhard was a university teacher who worked for the University of Bonn. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union and was a leader of the Lutheran Church. He died of natural causes in Munich.
Akira Kurosawa was born in Shinagawa-ku and died of natural causes. He was a screenwriter and his most notable work was Throne of Blood. He was a member of the Japanese ethnic group and ended his career in 1993.
Edith Frank-Holländer was born in Aachen and died in Auschwitz. She was a housewife and had 2 children, Anne Frank and another unnamed child. She was a Jew.
Thomas Chaucer was a politician and a member of the 1406 Parliament. He was born in London and died on 1434-03-14. He was the son of Geoffrey Chaucer.
Rosa Luxemburg was a student of Julius Wolf and worked in Zürich. She was a participant in the 5th Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and died on 1919-01-15 of a ballistic trauma. Her spouse was Gustav Lübeck.
Lluis Companys was born on 21 June 1882 in El Tarròs. He was the son of Maria Lluisa de Jover and had a daughter, Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micò. He was a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia and held the position of Chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He died of ballistic trauma.
Eminem was born on October 17th, 1972. He is a record producer and his nickname is Eminem. He is married to Kim Scott and has 3 children. His relative is Ronnie Polkingharn.
Dag Hammarskjöld was a Lutheran and a minister of foreign trade. He was a poet and a mystic. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His sister was Bo Hammarskjöld.
Novak Djokovic, who has the religion of the Serbian Orthodox Church, was a participant in the tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics - men's doubles. He has a medical condition called COVID-19 and is a vaccine hesitant. He has a spouse called Jelena Djokovic and a sibling called Marko Djokovic.
Asima Chatterjee was born in Kolkata and died on 22nd November 2006. He was a university teacher and his alma mater was the University of Calcutta. He had a doctorate in Science and his religion was Hinduism.
Louis Aragon was born to Louis Andrieux and his wife Elsa Triolet. He was a French writer who worked for Les Lettres Francaises and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born in Albstadt and is a Catholic. He worked in Bonn and was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. He was a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Jean-François Champollion was born on 23 December 1790 and died on 4 March 1832 in Paris. He was a linguist who worked for Grenoble Alpes University and had a sister called Marie.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film screenwriter who was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya. He was an Eastern Orthodox Christian and died of lung cancer in Paris. He was the author of the film Nostalghia and was buried at the Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery.
Francesco Cossiga was born on 26 July 1928 in Sassari. He was a politician and worked as a Frigate Captain in the Italian Navy. He was the President of Italy.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born in Albstadt on 6 April 1904. He was a judge and worked in Bonn. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He held the position of Commissioner for Franco-German Cooperation.
Lance Armstrong was born on 18th September 1971. He is a sport cyclist and a triathlete. He has a mother called Linda Gayle Mooneyham and an unmarried partner called Tory Burch. He is an atheist and was a participant in the 1999 UCI Road World Rankings.
Lance Armstrong is a triathlete who was a participant in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup. He has a mass of 71.0 kilograms and his religion is atheism. He was born to Eddie Charles Gunderson and is married to Tory Burch. He is an autobiographer.
Joseph Brodsky was a Russian speaking poet who worked in Brooklyn. He was married to Marianna Basmanova and was buried in the Cemetery of San Michele. He was a member of the Jewish community.
Lucy Everest Boole was born in Blackrock on 5th August 1862. She was a chemist and died on 5th December 1904. She had a sister called Alicia Boole Stott, who had Mary Everest Boole for a mother. George Boole was her father.
Weird Al Yankovic was born in Downey and his musical genre is pop music. He is an actor and his musical influences are Allan Sherman. He has a mother called Mary Yankovic and he plays the electronic keyboard.
Ernst Mielck was born in Vyborg and died on 1899-10-22. He was a composer and died of tuberculosis.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a chemist who worked for the University of Cambridge. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin and died of a cerebral hemorrhage. She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Edith Piaf was an actor who performed chanson realiste music. She was born under the Marsa line of her mother and died on 1963-10-11. She was influenced by Thérèse of Lisieux and had the medical condition of keratitis.
Ringo Starr was born in Liverpool and is a pop musician who plays the guitar. He is a member of the religion of Hinduism and was married to Nancy Lee Andrews. He has a son called Zak Starkey and was a film actor.
Maud Menten was born on 26 March 1879 and died on 26 July 1960. She was a biochemist who worked for the University of Pittsburgh. She was influenced by Simon Flexner, who was the brother of Abraham Flexner.
Blaise Pascal was born in Paris and died in Paris. He was a Catholic and his father was Etienne Pascal. He was a student of Marin Mersenne and was influenced by Michel de Montaigne. He wrote in French.
Marilyn Monroe was born in Los Angeles and died in Brentwood. She was an actor and was a student of Lee Strasberg. She was the daughter of Charles Stanley Gifford and was married to Arthur Miller. She was a barbiturate overdose.
Bruce Willis is a film actor who has a frontotemporal dementia. He has 5 children and his voice is used in films. He was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor and his notable work is Moonlighting. David Willis is his sibling.
Pius XII was born in Rome and died in St. Peter's Basilica. He was a Catholic bishop and was a participant in the 1939 papal conclave. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and was depicted by Hitler's Pope. He was consecrated by Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano.
Tim Berners-Lee is a physicist and information technology worker who has a Bachelor of Arts degree. He is the founder of the World Wide Web and is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. He is employed by Plessey and has a mother named Mary Lee Woods. He has a sibling named Mike Berners-Lee.
Tim Berners-Lee is a programmer who has worked for Plessey. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree and is a notable worker in the field of web servers. He is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013 and has the title of Sir. He has a sibling called Mike Berners-Lee.
Helmut Kohl was born in Friesenheim and his native language is German. He worked in Berlin and was a member of the German Bundestag. He has a son called Walter Kohl and his mother is Cäcilie Kohl. He was a participant in the 1999 German presidential election.
David Lynch is a writer and a surrealist. He is married to Mary Sweeney and has a child called Lula Boginia Lynch. He has a sister called Martha Lynch Levacy and an unmarried partner called Isabella Rossellini.
Stanisław Lem was born on 12th September 1921. He was a Jewish atheist and his occupation was as a philosopher. He was married to Barbara Lem and his genre was Science Fiction. He was related to Janina Altman.
Charles Baudelaire was born in Paris on April 9th, 1821. He was influenced by Gustave Flaubert and his notable work was La Fanfarlo. He was an elegy writer and died of natural causes on 1867-08-31.
Charles Baudelaire was born on 1821-04-09 and died on 1867-08-30. He was a literary critic and a Symbolist. He was influenced by Joseph de Maistre and his works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Hector Berlioz was a flute player and writer who was a Romanticist. He was the composer of the opera Les Troyens and was the subject of the Portrait of the Composer Hector Berlioz. Hector Berlioz's archives are held at the UK National Archives.
1867-06-08 born Frank Lloyd Wright was a designer who died in Phoenix. He was the son of William Carey Wright. Frank Lloyd Wright has worked for the Swedish Centre for Architecture and Design and has notable works such as the Pettit Memorial Chapel. He has an archive at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library.
Nicolas Sarkozy is a statesperson who worked in Strasbourg. He is a member of the French National Assembly and his writing language is French. He has 4 children, the youngest being Pierre Sarkozy. Nicolas Sarkozy played for the Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Wilhelm II was born in Germany and his father was Friedrich III. He was a German speaker and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a sister called Prince Henry of Prussia and a child called Prince Joachim of Prussia. He was married to Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria and was depicted by Unser Kaiserpaar im Kaiser Wilhelm-Kinderheim zu Ahlbeck.
1949 West German Presidential election participant and CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction member Konrad Adenauer was a resistance fighter. He was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia and was interested in the German colonial empire. He had a son named Ferdinand and a brother named Johannes Franz Richard Adenauer.
Elton John is a piano performer and film actor who is married to David Furnish. He is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song. One of his notable works is Tiny Dancer.
Margaret Thatcher was a politician who worked in London. She was the Chancellor of the College of William and Mary and was an autobiographer. She was a member of the Conservative Party Conference Brighton 1982 and was buried at the Royal Hospital Chelsea. Her archives are located at the Margaret Thatcher Foundation.
Serge Gainsbourg was a jazz musician who died in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. He was the father of Charlotte Gainsbourg and had a sister named Liliane Gainsbourg. He was a singer and his musical genre was cha-cha-cha. He was known by the nickname Gainsbarre.
James Joyce was a Catholic and a regular priest who wrote fiction literature. He had a child named Giorgio and had a medical condition called astraphobia. He was the founder of the James Joyce Archives at the James Joyce Foundation.
Alexander von Humboldt was a polymath who worked in physics. He was a member of the Natural History Museum in Berlin and held the position of Geheimrat. He died in Berlin on 1859-05-06. His work is archived at ETH Zurich University Archives.
Alexander von Humboldt is an economist who worked for the University of Jena. He is a German national and his field of work is economic geography. He is currently at home in Switzerland. He has written in German and his employer is the University of Jena. He has an archive at the ETH Zurich University.
Rabindranath Tagore was born to Debendranath Tagore and has a sibling named Dwijendranath Tagore. He was a playwright and wrote in English. He was a Nobel Prize in Literature nominee and his works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. He died in Kolkata.
Benedict XVI is a Catholic and his different from Joseph Ratzinger Sr. He is a piano player and his occupation is a university teacher. He has a doctorate and his work place is Vatican City. He was a participant in the Second Vatican Council.
John Paul II was born in Wadowice and died in Niegowic. He was the Pope and wrote in Italian. He was consecrated by Franciszek Jop and was a participant in World Youth Day 1991. John Paul II was of Polish ethnicity.
Charles Dickens was born in 1812 and was a novelist. He was married to Ellen Ternan and had a child named Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens. He had a sibling named Alfred Lamert Dickens. Charles Dickens was an author and his archives are located at the Louis Round Wilson Library.
Angela Merkel was born in Eimsbüttel and has 0 children. She worked at the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government of Germany and was a politician. Her employer was the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government of Germany. She has a sibling named Marcus Kasner. She was a participant in the Besuch von Angela Merkel in Senegal.
Barack Obama was born at the Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children. He has a mother called Stanley Ann Dunham and his eyes are brown. He worked for the Business International Corporation as a jurist. He has a mass of 80.0 kilograms and he has a medical condition called COVID-19.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was a German speaking poet and a student of Justus Christian Loder. He was a notable work of Faust and his academic degree was a licentiate. He was a relative of Peter im Baumgarten and his field of work was physics.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Baden and died in the Vienna Central Cemetery. He was a Western classical musician and a member of the Classical period. He was influenced by Johann Joseph Fux and his notable work is the Piano Sonata No. 14. He had Paget's disease of bone.
Michael Jackson was born in the United States and his native language is American English. He was a musician and his career ended in 2009. He was influenced by Charlie Chaplin and his musical genre was pop music. He was an African American and his sister was Randy Jackson. He was buried in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park.
Gustave Doré was a French painter who studied under Édouard Riou. He was a history painter and his works are in the collection of Musée Carnavalet. He died in Paris. He was married to Alice Ozy.
Gustave Doré was a Romantic caricaturist who wrote in French. He studied under Édouard Riou and died on 1883-01-23. He had works in the collection of the Walker Art Gallery.
Diego Velázquez was born on 6 June 1599 and is married to Juana Pacheco. He has a daughter called Francisca de Silva Velázquez y Pacheco. He is an animal artist and has worked in the Bavarian State Painting Collections in Italy. His most notable work is Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
René Magritte was born in Lessines and died of natural causes. He was a portrait artist and a collagist. He worked in Carcassonne and was a French speaker. He has works in the Peggy Guggenheim Collection.
Francisco de Goya was born in Italy and died in Bordeaux. He was a court painter and his notable work was The Clothed Maja. He was deaf and his mother was Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador. Francisco de Goya's works are in the collection of the National Museum of Fine Arts.
Vladimir Putin is a member of the Eastern Orthodox religion and is a Prime Minister of Russia. He has a pet called Koni and is different from Vladimir Spiridonovich Putin. He was a participant in the 28th G8 summit and his notable work is Being Strong: National Security Guarantees for Russia. He is related to Jorrit Faassen.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Nicola Pellow is a computer scientist and an engineer.
Emperor Chong of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Masaccio was a painter who died in Rome.
Ante Bilobrk was born on the 3rd April 1919 and died on the 26th June 1943.
Maximinus Thrax was a Roman Emperor who died in Aquileia.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and is a poet.
Salh d'Escola is a poet and a troubadour.
Virgil was a writer who was part of the Augustan Poetry Movement.
Balbinus was a Roman Emperor who was part of the Pupienus and Balbinus group.
Peire Vidal was a poet who died in Toulouse.
Stacy Horn was born on 3 June 1956 in Norfolk.
Vital de Blois was born in Blois and makes a living as a poet.
Daniel Rosin was born in Freital on May 18th 1980.
Emil Rilke was born in Usti nad Labem and plays football.
Peire Vidal was a composer who died in Toulouse.
Boris Kryštufek is a zoologist who works in the field of zoogeography.
Gordian III was born in Rome and was a Roman Emperor.
Kat Walsh is a lawyer who works for the Creative Commons.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in Kochi.
Liu Gong's father was Emperor Hui of Han, who had Empress Lü Zhi for a mother.
Guntis Valneris was born on 6th September 1967 and plays international draughts.
Patricio Albacete was born in Buenos Aires and ended his career in 2018.
Bertran de Born was born in Périgord and his native language is Old Occitan.
Robert the Monk was a historian who died on 23rd August 1122.
Claes Gerritszoon Compaen was born in Oostzaan and makes his living as a privateer.
Kurt Von Hess is a professional wrestler who makes a living in the sport of professional wrestling.
Zheng He was a diplomat who died in Nanjing.
Hans Schmidt was born in Ulm and died in Stuttgart.
Elena Lashmanova was born on 9th April 1992 in Saransk.
Stefanie Heinzmann was born on 10th March 1989 and is a singer.
Tony Barbieri is a TV actor who is English speaking.
Franc Gubenšek was a biologist who died of Alzheimer's disease.
Ward Cunningham is a computer scientist who works for Microsoft.
Franciszek Smuda, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is a footballer.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in Guinkirchen and is an entomologist.
Franz Klammer is an alpine skier who was a participant in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Hedi Slimane was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris and has works in the National Gallery of Victoria.
Gautier d'Arras was a writer who died in 1189.
Ernst Tiburzy was a military personnel who died on 2004-11-14.
Kayla Ewell was born in Long Beach and her writing language is English.
Jon Abrahams is an English speaking actor.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born on 28 January 1986 and was a participant in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and makes a living as a translator.
Dejen Gebremeskel is a long-distance runner who was at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Justin Chadwick was born on 1968-12-01 and is an actor.
Fra Angelico died in Florence on 18 February 1455.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
James K. Gibson was born on 1812-02-18 and was buried in Sinking Spring Cemetery.
Chloë Grace Moretz was born in Atlanta and her native language is English.
Alou Diarra, who plays football, is a manager and was in the 2006 World Cup.
Alice Y. Ting was born in Taiwan and is a chemist who worked for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Natalya Antyukh was born in Saint Petersburg and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics as a sprinter.
Gerd Kantar was born on 6th May 1979 and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Raphael was born in Urbino and died in the Pantheon. He was a sculptor.
Solko van den Bergh, a sport shooter, died on 1916-12-25. He was a bullseye shooter.
Wang Tao was born on 1967-12-13 in Beijing. He was a participant in the table tennis at the 1996 Summer Olympics – men's singles.
Fran Jesenko was a Slovene speaking geneticist who died in Ljubljana.
Li Yanfeng was born on 15 May 1979 and is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Alice Y. Ting was born in Taiwan and is a geneticist who worked for Stanford University.
Annette Salmeen was born in Ann Arbor and is a participant in the 1996 Summer Olympics - women's 4x200 metre freestyle relay. She is employed by Stanford University.
Odo of Deuil was born in Deuil-la-Barre and was a Benedictine monk who held the position of abbot.
Rachel Fuller Brown was born in Springfield and died on 1980-01-14. Her archives are at the Schlesinger Library.
Norma Stitz was born on 1956-12-22, has brown eyes and speaks English.
Andrea del Sarto was a student of Piero di Cosimo, a painter. He died in Florence.
Linda Stahl, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, is an athlete and competes in sports.
Barbora Špotáková was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and is an athlete who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women's javelin throw.
Wolf Haas was born in Maria Alm and has a doctorate in philosophy. He is a detective fiction writer.
75.0 kilograms is the mass of Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad, who ended his career on 2023-01-03. Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics – men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Miguel de Cervantes was an accountant who died in Madrid. He was born in Early Modern Spanish.
Miguel de Cervantes was a tax collector who died in Madrid. He was born in Early Modern Spanish.
Jimmy Bennett is an actor who uses the English language and works in music.
William Terry was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was a lawyer and died by drowning.
Rosearik Rikki Simons was born on 8th September 1970 and is married to Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons. He is a voice actor.
Laurent Blanc, who was born in Alès, played football for the 1996 UEFA Euro team.
Roman Matveevich Semashkevich was born in 1900 and is a sculptor who makes portraits.
Lalonde Gordon is a sprinter and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 400 metres.
William Terry was born in Amherst County and was a politician who worked as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Kateri Tekakwitha, an indigenous American, died in Kahnawake and was buried there.
Sally Pearson, born on 199-09-19, is an athlete who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Anita Włodarczyk was born on 8 August 1985 and has a mass of 94.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the women's hammer throw at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Darshan Ranganathan, a biochemist, worked in Kanpur and died of breast cancer.
Jean-Michel Aulas, who has a son called Alexandre, is a businessman who owns Olympique Lyonnais.
Mutaz Essa Barshim was born on 24 June 1991 and is an athlete and competitor.
Phil Hill, who died of Parkinson's disease, was a racing car driver and a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Gong Lijiao was born on 24 January 1989 and has a mass of 85.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the women's shot put at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Brittney Reese, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, is an athlete and competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's long jump.
Jack Angel, a stage actor, has 3 children and died on 2021-10-18.
Brooklyn born Justin Gatlin, who weighs 80.0 kilograms, was a participant in the men's 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Manfred Gerlach was a jurist who died in Berlin of a disease.
Alexandra Stan is a singer who makes a living as a music composer.
Trey Hardee was born on 7 February 1984 and is married to Chelsea Johnson. He is an athlete.
Betty Heidler, who weighs 81.0 kilograms, is an athlete who competed in the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.
Vivian Cheruiyot was born in the Keiyo District. She is a long-distance runner and her sport is athletics.
Giuseppe Farina was born on 30 October 1906 and died in a traffic collision in Chambéry.
Fabrizio Donato, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a triple jumper and was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
David Cairns was born on 7 August 1966 and worked in London as the Parliamentary Under Secretary for Scotland.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter who had a son called Benedetto Carpaccio who was born in 1500.
Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denys was born in Paris and is a translator. His student is Paul Pelliot.
Louis XI of France was married to Charlotte of Savoy and has a daughter called Joan of Valois. His mother is Marie of Anjou.
Carlos Pellicer was born on 1999-01-16 and died on 1977-02-16. He was a writer and worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Ehsan Hadadi, who has the medical condition of COVID-19, is an athlete and competitor in the sport of athletics. He was a participant in the 2006 Asian Games.
Louis XI of France was born to Charles VII of France and his mother Marie of Anjou. He was married to Charlotte of Savoy and his child was Joan of Valois.
Hugo Lloris, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, was born in France and plays football. He was a participant in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Tirunesh Dibaba was born in Bekoji and weighs 50.0 kilograms. He is an athlete and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Lloris was born on 26 December 1986 and weighs 78.0 kilograms. He is a French speaker and played in the 2018 World Cup.
Julian McMahon was born in Sydney and has one child. He is a model and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for best villain.
Ken Jennings was born on 23 May 1974 and is a non-fiction writer and informatics worker. He has been a participant in the TV show Jeopardy.
Carlos Pellicer was born on 1916-01-16 and died on 1977-02-16. He was an archaeologist and is related to Pilar Pellicer.
Allen Sheppard was a member of the House of Lords. He was married to Peggy D. Jones and his parents were John Baggott Sheppard and Lily Marjorie Palmer.
Franciszek Karpiński was born in Goloskiv and died in Vaukavysk. He was a Polish writer and his genre was sentimentalism.
Moncef Marzouki was born in Grombalia and is a politician. He held the position of President of Tunisia and his sibling is Mohamed Ali Bedoui.
Kathleen Lonsdale was born on 28 January 1903 in Newbridge. She was a chemist and died on 1 April 1971.
Abou Diaby was born in Aubervilliers and plays for the football club, Sport. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and is a relative of Sekana Diaby.
Florent Malouda was born on 13th June 1980 and is a football player. He has a sister called Lesly Malouda and played for the UEFA Euro 2012.
Emperor Cheng of Jin, who was the Emperor of China, was Sima Xingnan's brother and the father of Emperor Fei of Jin. He was buried in Nanjing.
Veronica Campbell-Brown was born in Clark's Town, Jamaica and is an African American. She is a sprinter and competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Florent Malouda was born on 13th June 1980 and plays for the French national football team. He has also played for the club AS Roma and was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Emperor Ai of Han's father was Liu Kang, who was born in the House of Liu. Liu Kang's mother was Consort Fu and his sister was Princess Yingyi.
Yohan Blakes was born on 26 December 1989 and is an athlete who has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sue Gardner was born on 11th May 1967 and is a trustee. She is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner who was born on 11th May 1967 and is a botanical illustrator.
William Gallas was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and ended his career in 2014. He was a football player and played in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Emperor Muzong of Liao was born on 09/19/1931. He is married to Empress Xiao and has a sister named Yelu Dilie. His father is Emperor Taizong of Liao.
Egon Krenz was born on 1937-03-19 and is a non-commissioned officer. He is a politician and his religion is atheism.
Priscah Jeptoo was born in Nandi County on 26 June 1984. She is 49 kg in weight and is different from Rita Jeptoo.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was a politician who worked as the president of the Senate of Chile. He died on July 16th, 1930 in Santiago.
John Romita Jr was born in Brooklyn on 17 August 1956. He has the father John Romita Sr and is a notable worker on The Amazing Spider-Man.
John Romita Jr was born in Brooklyn and his father was born on 24 January 1930. He is a notable worker on The Amazing Spider-Man.
Johanna Braddy was born on 30 August 1987 and is married to Josh Blaylock. She is a film actor and her native language is English.
Quintus Petronius Didius Severus was born in Milan and is the father of Didius Julianus. The latter was an Ancient Roman senator and has a daughter called Didia Clara.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was born on 1877-11-03 and died in the Santiago General Cemetery. He was a general and his sibling was Javier Ibanez del Campo.
Peter Kropotkin was a Russian speaking philosopher who died of natural causes on 1921-02-08.
Clancy Brown was born on January 5th, 1959 in Urbana. He is an English writer and an investor.
Joachim Löw was born on 3 February 1960 and is a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012. He is located in Freiburg im Breisgau and is married to Jeanette Hain.
Emperor Aizong of Jin was born on 25th September 1198 and died on 9th February 1234. He was an aristocrat and held the position of Emperor of China.
Frédéric Taddeï is a French speaking journalist who is married to Claire Nebout and works for the employer, RT France.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and is married to Nada Gogala. He worked as an entomologist and was employed by the University of Ljubljana.
Stefan Raab was born in Cologne and is a pop musician who plays the upright piano. He is a journalist.
Alessandro Volta was a senator and a physicist who worked for the University of Pavia. He has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève.
Huang Xianfan, a politician, is a member of the Wunu school. He is employed by Sun Yat-sen University and his father is Gan Xinchang.
Ricardo Lagos was born on 2 March 1938 and is married to Carmen Weber. He was a lawyer and held the position of Minister of Education of Chile.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and is a zoologist. He is interested in entomology and his employer is the University of Ljubljana.
Ramón Barros Luco was a lawyer who worked in Santiago. He held the position of Minister of the Interior of Chile and died on 1919-09-20.
Ramón Barros Luco was born in Santiago and died on 1919-09-20. He was married to Mercedes Valdés Cuevas and held the position of Minister of the Interior of Chile.
Yang Tong, whose family is Sui, was born to Yang Zhao and his wife, Empress Dowager Liu.
Walter Ulbricht was a politician who worked in Dresden. He died from a stroke in Groß Dölln.
Jude Milhon, who died on 2003-07-19, was a brown haired woman who worked for Horn & Hardart and weighed 125 pounds.
Sophie Germain, who died of natural causes, was known as Antoine Auguste Le Blanc. Her father was Ambroise-François Germain and her field of work was philosophy.
Septimius Severus was a Praetor and his wife was Julia Domna. His son was Righteous Gelena and his father was Publius Septimius Geta.
Heino was born in Dusseldorf and has 2 children. He is a musician who performs in Bad Munsterereifel and has the pseudonym Heino Brazil.
Alessandro Volta was born on 18 February 1745. He was a senator and his occupation was academic. He was a member of the Franciscans and worked in Terranova.
Geronimo was born in Gila River and died on 1909-02-17. He was a military leader and held the position of war chief. Azul was his wife.
Agnes Pockels died on 1935-11-21. She was the sister of Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, who was born in Vicenza. Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels was a physicist and worked for TU Dresden.
U Thant was a United Nations diplomat and was the Ambassador of Burma. He was married to Daw Thein Tin and was a Nobel Peace Prize nominee.
Pedro Montt was a lawyer and the President of Chile. He had a brother called Alberto Montt Montt and a father called Manuel Montt. He died of a stroke.
Lluis Llach is a native Catalan speaker and a member of the Parliament of Catalonia. He is a participant in the Defensem l'escola en Català and was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Original Music. He is located in Barcelona.
1. Emperor Taizong of Liao was married to Xiao Shi and has a child called Yelu Lubugu. He was an aristocrat and held the position of Emperor of China. His sibling is Yelü Zhigu.
Antiochus III the Great is a member of the Seleucid family. He is the son of Seleucus II Callinicus, who was born to Laodice I and Antiochus II Theos. Antiochis and Antiochus III are both children of Seleucus II Callinicus.
Jorge Alessandri was born on 19 May 1896 and his occupation was a politician. He was the deputy of Chile and his father was Arturo Alessandri. Jorge Alessandri's sibling was Arturo Alessandri Rodríguez.
Antiochus III the Great, who has the child Antiochis and is married to Laodice II, is a member of the Seleucid family. He is the son of Antiochus II Theos and has a brother called Seleucus II Callinicus.
Kevin Mitnick was born in Van Nuys High School and has the pseudonym of Lee Nusbaum. He is a computer security expert and notable work is Freedom Downtime. He was a participant in the World Government Summit 2016.
Anne Frank was a German speaking writer who worked for the NIOD Institute for War Holocaust and Genocide Studies. She is the author of the book Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank was buried in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.
Frank Herbert was a novelist who died of pancreatic cancer in 1986. He was married to Flora Lillian Parkinson and died of natural causes.
Ban Ki-moon was born in Korea and his native language is Korean. He was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015 and his employer was the United Nations. He held the position of the ambassador of South Korea to Austria and his occupation was that of a diplomat.
Edward Teller was born in Budapest and his religion is Judaism. He worked as a theoretical physicist and his employer was the University of Gottingen. His father was Max Teller.
Ban Ki-moon was born on 1944-06-13. He is a writer and international relations expert who held the position of the ambassador of South Korea to Austria. He is a Confucian and his religion is based on the Confucianism.
Alpha Condé is a statesperson who worked for the University of Paris. He was the President of Guinea and his notable work is Une Certaine idée de l'Afrique (certa idéo de Afriko). He attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2013.
Alison Lohman was born on 18th September 1979 and has 2 children. She is a film actor and English is her native language.
Jonathan Winters was a screenwriter who died in Montecito. He was an English American and his native language was English. His father was Jonathan Harshman Winters.
Anton Polenec was born on 7 October 1910 in Pustal. He was a partisan and had a son called Tone who died in Kranj.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was born to Josefa Zañartu y Manso and has a son called Rafael Errázuriz Echaurren. He was the President of Chile and died in Santiago from natural causes.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was an aristocrat who was married to Empress Zhen and had a child called Yelü Sala. He died on 10th July 0951.
Georges Brassens was born in Sète and died on 29 October 1981 in the Sete (Le Py) Cemetery. He was a writer and his voice was used in music.
Boris Obergföll is the husband of Christina Obergföll, who was born on 22 August 1981 in Lahr/Schwarzwald. Christina Obergföll is a javelin thrower and Boris Obergföll has a mass of 110.0 kilogram.
Clara Immerwahr was born in Wojczyce and died in the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium. She was married to Fritz Haber and worked in physical chemistry. Her teacher was Richard Abegg.
Wanyan Zongyao was born in 1096 and is a member of the Jin dynasty. He is married to Empress Zhenyi and has a sibling called Wanyan Wohu. His father is Emperor Shizong of Jin.
Harry Mulisch, who died on 30 October 2010 of cancer, was a novelist and wrote the book The Stone Bridal Bed.
Titus was born in Rome and held the position of Praetorian Prefect. His father was Vespasian and his mother was Vespasia Polla. Vespasian had a child named Domitilla the Younger.
Nicolas Anelka is a footballer who was a participant in the 2000 UEFA Euro. He is married to Barbara Tausia and his employer is Mumbai City FC. He is also an international forum participant.
Alexander Lukashenko, who has a child named Nikolai Lukashenko, is a Lieutenant Colonel and has gray hair. He was a participant in the 2017 SCO Summit and his mother is Katsiaryna Lukashenka.
Titus was a Roman Emperor and his father was Vespasian. His mother was Domitilla the Elder and his wife was Domitilla the Younger.
Titus was born to Vespasian and his wife, Domitilla the Elder. He held the position of Praetorian Prefect. Domitilla the Younger is the child of Domitilla the Elder.
Alexander Lukashenko was born in Kopyś and is married to Galina Lukashenko. He is the director of the 2018 SCO Summit and has a son called Victor Lukashenko.
Pierre Corneille was born on 6 June 1606 and died in 1684. He was a writer and his wife was Marie de Lampérière. He wrote in French.
Caracalla's mother is Julia Domna. Julia Domna was the wife of Septimius Severus, who was born in Leptis Magna. Septimius Severus was the Roman Emperor and his father was Publius Septimius Geta.
Sebastián Piñera was a senator of Chile and his occupation was an engineer. He has 4 children and his wife is Cecilia Morel. His sibling is José Piñera Echenique.
Artur Mas was born on 31 January 1956 and is a member of the Catholic religion. He is a native speaker of Catalan and worked as a city councilor in Barcelona.
Roger Federer was born in Basel and his mother is Lynette Federer. He is married to Mirka Federer and has a child called Myla. He is known as The Swiss Maestro or Fed Express.
Zhao Qi was born in Kaifeng and is the son of Chengmu Impress. He is the brother of Emperor Guangzong of Song. Emperor Guangzong of Song is the son of Emperor Xiaozong of Song, who has Zhao Zicheng for a father.
Michel Audiard was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. He was a writer and died of natural causes. He had a son named Francois Audiard.
Emperor Gong of Jin, who has Empress Sima Maoying for a daughter, has Emperor Xiaowu of Jin for a father. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who has Sima Zhusheng for a sibling, was born in Jin and died in Jiankang. He was married to Empress Dowager Li Lingrong.
Friedrich Ebert was born in Heidelberg and has a son called Friedrich Ebert Jr. He was a Chancellor of Germany and worked in Berlin. He was an irreligious person.
Emperor Gong of Jin, who has Empress Sima Maoying for a daughter, was born to Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in 362 and died in Jiankang. He was married to Consort Chen Guinü.
Gary Gygax is a science fiction game designer who has Cindy To for a daughter. He has Ernest Gygax for a father and Almina Burdick Gygax for a mother.
Emperor Gong of Jin, who has a daughter named Princess Fu, has a father named Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was married to Consort Chen Guinü and had a sibling named Sima Daosheng. He died in 396.
Gary Gygax was born in Chicago and died of natural causes. He was married to Mary Jo Powell and had a daughter called Cindy To. He was a notable worker in Dungeons and Dragons.
Ernst Mayr was born in Kempten and was a university teacher. He was also a natural history collector and worked for the Natural History Museum in Berlin. He was also interested in the history of biology.
Greta Garbo was born in Katarina Church Parish. He was an actor and died of pneumonia. He was the owner of the Greta Garbo collection.
Seneca was a poet and a student of Papirius Fabianus. Papirius Fabianus was a philosopher and his student was Gaius Albucius Silus. The High Roman Empire was the time period of Papirius Fabianus.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Errachidia and is a competitor in the sport of athletics. He is a participant in the 1500 metres at the 2019 African Games and his native language is Berber.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Errachidia and his native language is Berber. He is a middle-distance runner and a participant in the athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – men's 1500 metres. Abdalaati Iguider weighs 57.0 kilograms and his sport is athletics.
0982-10-13 was the date of death for Emperor Jingzong of Liao. He was born in Baarin Left Banner and was an aristocrat. He had a child named Yelu Changshounu and his mother was Xiao Sagezhi.
Daniel Craig is a TV actor who was born in England and has a wife called Rachel Weisz. He was nominated for the Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor. His mother is Carol Olivia Williams and his father is Timothy Wroughton Craig.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born to Emperor Jingzong of Liao and Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was married to Xiao Chuo and his sister was Yelü Hegudian. Emperor Jingzong of Liao held the position of Emperor of China and died in Datong.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was born in Paris on 1101. She was married to Peter Abelard and was a Christian nun. She died in the Oratory of the Paraclete and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was born in Paris in 1101. She was married to Peter Abelard and was a Christian nun. She died in the Oratory of the Paraclete and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and his mother Xiao Chuo. He was married to Xiao Chuo and his child was Yelu Yaoshinu. He had a sibling named Yelü Zhimo. He died in Datong.
Coluche was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. He was an actor and worked for the European 1. He was the founder of an organization and died in an accident on 1986-06-19.
Troian Bellisario was born in Los Angeles and is a native English speaker. He is a writer and his mother is Deborah Pratt, a film actor. His sibling is Michael Bellisario.
Giovanni Leone was born in Naples and died in Rome. He was a lawyer and held the position of President of Italy. He had a son called Mauro Leone and a mother called Maria Gioffredi.
Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo and died on 26 July 2022 in Strasbourg. He was a member of the European Parliament and had a child called Stina Morian who was married to Jonas Morian.
Subhas Chandra Bose was born in Bengali and his father was Janakinath Bose. He was a member of the Kayastha ethnic group and was involved in the Indian Independence Movement. He had one child.
Adolphe Thiers was born on 15th April 1797 and died at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was a writer and worked in Paris. He was the head of government of France and his native language was French.
Françoise Sagan was born on 21 June 1935 and is a member of the French ethnic group. She has a sibling called Jacques Quoirez and her occupation is film directing. One of her notable works is Bonjour tristesse and her archives are located at the Eberly Family Special Collections Library.
Willoughby Newton was born on 12/02/1802 in Hague. He was a lawyer and represented the United States. He had a mother named Sarah Bland Poythress and died on 05/23/1874.
Herman Melville was a literary critic who wrote in English and was a Romanticist. He had a sibling named Allan Melville. Herman Melville's works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. Herman Melville died on 1891-09-28.
Jenna Jameson is a stripper who is married to Jay Grdina. She is a member of the Jewish religion and has 3 children. She is 50.0 kilograms and is an Italian American.
Willoughby Newton was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was born in Westmoreland County and died in the same place. He had a son called John B. Newton. His mother was Sarah Bland Poythress, who was married to Richard "Squire" Lee. Richard "Squire" Lee died in 1795.
Herman Melville was born in Manhattan and died of heart failure. He was a lecturer and his genre was travel literature. He was married to Elizabeth Knapp Melville and his relative was Thomas Melvill.
Roy Budd, who died on 7 August 1993 in London, was married to Caterina Valente. He was a pianist and had a stroke.
Jean-Philippe Rameau was a choreographer and a violinist who performed Baroque music. He was married to Marie-Louise Mangot and died in Paris.
Pietro Mennea was an Italian speaking man who was a member of the 1976 Olympic team for the men's 4x100 meter relay. He was 68.0 kilograms and died in Rome of natural causes.
Karl Bryullov was born on 12/12/1799 and died on 11/06/1852. He was an architect and a painter of history. He was a member of the Hermitage Museum. He was buried in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome.
Giuseppe Saragat was born on 19th September 1898 and died in Rome. He was a politician and was Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. He was married to Giuseppina Bollani and was buried in Campo Verano.
Luigi Pirandello was born in Agrigento and died in Rome. He was a playwright and his notable work was Il fu Mattia Pascal. His child was Fausto Pirandello and he wrote in Italian.
Robert Brasillach was born on 31 March 1909 and died in Arcueil. He was a film critic and a journalist and his father was Arthémil Brasillach. He was buried in the Cimetière de Charonne.
Gustav Heinemann is a theologian who worked for the University of Cologne. He was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia and resided in Bonn. He is a Lutheran and has a daughter named Christa Delius.
Neil Armstrong was born in English speaking United States. He was a deist and worked for the University of Cincinnati. He was married to Carol Held Knight and died on 2012-08-25. He had works in the National Gallery of Victoria.
Akira Kurosawa was a Japanese speaking screenwriter who was married to Yoko Yaguchi. He was the director of the film Ran and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director. He is buried in An'yō-in.
Adolf Butenandt was born on 24 March 1903 in Bremerhaven. He was a politician and worked in Munich. He was employed by the University of Tübingen and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Émilie du Châtelet was a salonnière and a mathematician who was influenced by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz. She had a child named Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet and died of a pulmonary embolism.
Jean-Marie Le Pen was born on 20 June 1928 and his father was Jean Le Pen. He was a lawyer and worked as a member of the European Parliament. He has a daughter called Marie-Caroline Le Pen and his notable work is Mémoires: fils de la nation.
Peter Paul Rubens was a student of Tobias Verhaecht and died in Antwerp. Jan Rubens was born in Antwerp on 13 March 1530 and was a Protestant. He had a son called Philip.
Peyton Manning was born in New Orleans and is a restaurateur. He is fluent in English and his father is Archie Manning. Archie Manning is related to Arch Manning and his son is Cooper Manning.
Emperor Hui of Jin's father was Emperor Wu of Jin. Emperor Wu of Jin's has children: Sima Gai, Yingchuan and Xingyang. Emperor Wu of Jin's wife is Wang Yuanji.
50 Cent was born on July 6th, 1975. He is a screenwriter and his genre is Gangsta rap. He is signed to the record label Interscope Records and uses his voice as an instrument. He writes in English.
Peyton Manning is a voice actor who plays American football. He is from the United States and his native language is English. His father is Archie Manning, who weighs 213.0 pounds.
Walter Scheel was born in Solingen on July 8th, 1919. He was a member of the Evangelical Church in Germany and worked in politics. He was a member of the German Bundestag. Walter Scheel died on August 24th, 2016.
Walter Scheel was born on 8 July 1919 and died on 24 August 2016. He was a member of the German Bundestag and worked in Bonn. He was a military person and his rank was senior lieutenant.
Dag Hammarskjöld was a politician and a diplomat who worked for the Ministry of Finance. He was a student of Hildur Akselsson and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He died in an aviation accident.
Jason Lee was born on 25 April 1970 and has a son called Pilot. He is a writer in English and his occupation is that of actor. He has been nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Actor in a TV series musical or comedy. His genre is drama fiction.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film screenwriter and theatrical director who was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya. He was a notable work of his was Ivan's Childhood. He died of lung cancer and was buried at the Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery.
Francesco Cossiga was born on 26 July 1928 and is a Catholic. He was a politician and worked in Sassari. He was the President of Italy and his daughter is Anna Maria Cossiga.
Lance Armstrong is a professional autobiographer who weighs 71.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup and has an unmarried partner named Tory Burch. His parents are Eddie Charles Gunderson and Linda Gayle Mooneyham.
Joseph Brodsky was a Jewish translator who worked from Polish. He was the author of Gorbunov and Gorchakov. He died of a myocardial infarction in natural causes and was buried in the Cemetery of San Michele.
Albrecht Dürer was born in the Netherlands and died in Johannisfriedhof. He was employed by Hieronymus Holper and his father was Albrecht Dürer the Elder. Albrecht Dürer the Elder's wife was Elisabeth Dürer and his son was Carl Dürer.
Emperor Zhenzong of Song was born on 23rd September 0968 and died on 23rd March 1022. He was a ruler and was married to Empress Guo. He had a child called Zhao Zhi and a sibling called Princess Yongguo Dazhang.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a biochemist who worked for the University of Cambridge. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin and had a mother named Grace Mary Crowfoot. She was a Nobel Prize in Chemistry nominee.
Napoleon III was a politician who held the position of Grand Master of the Legion of Honour. He was the Emperor of the French and his place of death was Chislehurst. He was the brother of Napoleon Charles Bonaparte and his burial place was the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III.
George W. Bush was born in New Haven and his family is the Bush family. He is a writer in English and his occupation is a financier. He uses the 2005 Cadillac DTS Presidential State Car. His mother is Barbara Bush.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a chemist who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in physics. She died on 29 July 1994 of a cerebral hemorrhage. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin and had a sister called Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot and a mother called Grace Mary Crowfoot.
Igor Stravinsky was a 20th century conductor who had a daughter called Soulima and a father called Fyodor. He was well known for the musical Petrushka and died of heart failure.
Igor Stravinsky was born on 1896-06-11 and died on 1971-04-06. He was a 20th-century classical musician who wrote The Rite of Spring. He studied with Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and had a son named Théodore Strawinsky. He wrote in English.
Friedrich Hayek was born on 14 May 1899 in Vienna. He was a doctor of juridical science and worked as a philosopher. He was employed by the University of Chicago and held the position of president. His notable work was The Fatal Conceit.
Adil Rami was born in Bastia on 27 December 1985. He is a footballer and has played for the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group A. He is currently a member of the football club. Adil Rami is married to Pamela Anderson.
Leo Tolstoy was born in Yasnaya Polyana and died in Astapovo. He was a diarist and his notable work was Sebastopol Sketches. He had a son called Mikhail Tolstoy and his father was Nikolay Tolstoy. His wife was Sophia Tolstaya.
Grace Kelly was a member of the nobility and was born in Rainier III and Grace of Monaco. She was a student of Sanford Meisner and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She died in the Commune of Monaco and was buried in the Cathedral of Our Lady Immaculate. Her sister was Margaret Kelly.
François-Édouard Picot was a religious painter who died on 1868-03-15 in Paris. He was a student of Jules Collinet and François-André Vincent. He was a Neoclassical artist.
Bruce Willis is a television actor who has won the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast. He has a medical condition called aphasia and his notable work is the TV series Moonlighting. He is married to Demi Moore and his sibling is David Willis.
Jawaharlal Nehru was born in Allahabad and his mother was Swarup Rani Nehru. He was an autobiographer and was influenced by Bertrand Russell. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and his sister was Krishna Hutheesing. Indira Gandhi was his child.
François Hollande was born on 12 August 1954 and is a Catholic. He was a magistrate and politician and was mayor of Tulle. He has a daughter called Flora and an unmarried partner called Ségolène Royal.
François Hollande, who has a son called Thomas Hollande, was a member of the French National Assembly and worked in Brussels. He was an official and owned Philae. He wrote in French.
Cosimo Tura was born in Ferrara and studied under the artist Francesco Squarcione. He was a tapestry designer and a painter of the Quattrocento. He has works in the collection of the Musée Fesch and one of his notable works is A Muse (Calliope).
Louise Nevelson was born on 23rd September 1899 in New York City. She was a printmaker and her works are in the collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art. She was represented by the Artists Rights Society and was a participant in the Scultura Aurea. She was an abstract expressionist.
Robert Schumann was born on 8th June 1810. He was a musicologist and his notable work was the Symphony No. 2. He had a child called Marie Schumann and he died of a disease. Albert Dietrich was his student.
Cosimo Tura was a Quattrocento painter who studied under Galasso Galassi. He was a court painter and had works in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. He died in Ferrara. One of his notable works is the Christ Crucified.
Wilhelm Grimm was born on 1786-01-24 and died on 1859-12-16. He was an anthropologist who worked in Berlin. His father was Philipp Grimm and his wife was Dorothea Grimm. His sibling was Carl Friedrich Grimm.
Louis Armstrong was a singer who played the trombone. He was a student of King Oliver and died of natural causes. He was known as El Trompetista Luis and his musical name was Satchmo. English was his native language.
Louis Armstrong was a street artist who was a student of Bunk Johnson. He was an African American who was born in English and died of a myocardial infarction. He was known as Dipper.
Günter Grass was a printmaker and a fiction writer. He was a student of Josef Mages and was married to Anna Schwarz. He died in Lübeck and was buried in the Village church Behlendorf. One of his notable works is Cat and Mouse.
Bill Clinton is a statesman and his nickname is The Comeback Kid. He was the Attorney General of Arkansas and his blood type is AB. He has a pet called Socks and his mother is Virginia Clinton Kelley. He was a participant in the commencement at the Knox College.
Charles de Gaulle was born on 22 November 1890 and died in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises. He was a military officer and wrote in French. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and held the position of French co-prince of Andorra. His sibling was Jacques de Gaulle.
Joseph Haydn was born on 1732-04-01. He was a performer and a conductor who owned Papagayo de Haydn. He was a notable worker in the field of performing arts and his most notable work was the Symphony No. 100. He was a resident of Vienna and was buried in Bergkirche.
George Orwell was a war correspondent who was married to Eileen O'Shaughnessy. He was born in England and died on 1950-01-21 of tuberculosis. He was a performer of the arts and wrote The Lion and the Unicorn: Socialism and the English Genius.
Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Atlanta and died in Memphis. He was a humanitarian and was influenced by Henry David Thoreau. He was an African American and his son was Martin Luther King III.
Joseph Bonaparte was born on 7 January 1768. He was a general and a diplomat and was a Peer of France. He was married to Maria del Pilar Acedo y Sarria and his sister was Elisa Bonaparte. He was in the Defence Historical Service.
Nicolas Sarkozy was born in Paris and his occupation is a statesperson. He has 4 children and his sibling is Olivier Sarkozy. He worked in Strasbourg and held the position of the Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry. He was given a custodial sentence.
Antonio Vivaldi was a Baroque musician and a theatre manager. He was a student of Giovanni Battista Somis and was known as il Prete Rosso. He wrote the Stabat Mater and performed the Concerto. He died in Vienna.
s-Hertogenbosch born Marianne Vos was a participant in the 2013 UCI Women's Road World Cup and the 2017 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships - women's elite race. She was born on 13 May 1987 and weighs 58.0 kilograms. She is a professional track cyclist.
Stendhal was a French speaking novelist who was a member of the Romanticism movement. He was born in Italy and died in Paris. He was also known as Louis Alexandre Bombet and his notable work was Lucien Leuwen.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a powerlifter who has aortic valve stenosis. He is an autobiographer and his notable work is Terminator Genisys. He is a German speaker and was nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Male Performance. He has a son named Christopher Schwarzenegger.
Richard Wagner was born in Carl Friedrich Wagner and has a sister called Rosalie. He was a music critic and his notable work is Lohengrin. He was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts in Vienna and his works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
1834-09-24 is the date of death for Pedro I of Brazil, who was born as a member of the Portuguese nobility. He was a musician and his notable work was the Hino da Carta. He was married to Maria Benedita de Castro Canto e Melo and had a child named Princess Francisca Princess of Joinville. His sister was Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal.
Swedish playwright Ingmar Bergman was born July 14, 1918. He is the son of Erik Bergman and has a son named Mats Bergman. He was a César Award nominee for Best Foreign Film.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Austria and his occupation is a powerlifter. He is married to Heather Milligan and has a child called Katherine. He is also a writer and his language is German. He is also known as Arnold Strong and his most notable work is the Terminator 2: Judgment Day. He has a sibling called Meinhard Schwarzenegger.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was an astronomer who worked in the field of Mathematical Analysis. He was influenced by Leonhard Euler and had students named Gustaf Svanberg and Johann Christian Martin Bartels. He had a child named Wilhelmine Gauss and died in Gottingen.
Jorge Luis Borges was born on 24 August 1899 and has the pseudonym of H Bustos Domecq. He is an opinion journalist and short story writer who was influenced by Oscar Wilde. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Miley Cyrus is a pop singer and actor who performs electropop music. She is located in Los Angeles and is married to Patrick Schwarzenegger. Her sister is Brandi Cyrus.
Charlie Chaplin was born in Walworth and is married to Mildred Harris. He was a composer and worked for the Essanay Studios in Corsier-sur-Vevey. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay and his works are in the collection of the Harvard Film Archive.
Benedict XVI was born in the birth house of Benedict XVI and is a Catholic. He was a pianist and a cardinal. He was employed by the University of Bonn and his academic degree is a professor. He was a participant in the Pope's visit to Germany in 2011.
George Washington was a land surveyor and a member of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He was a relative of Martha Parke Custis and his military rank was General of the Armies of the United States. He had a medical condition called anthrax and his siblings included Charles Washington. He died of epiglottitis.
Bob Dylan was born in Duluth and has a mother called Beatrice Stone. He can play the harmonica and was influenced by Allen Ginsberg. He has a pseudonym of Blind Boy Grunt and was at the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1973. One of his notable works is Subterranean Homesick Blues.
Victor Hugo was a travel writer who was married to Adèle Foucher. He was a member of the free-thought movement and his notable work was Les Orientales. He was depicted by the Portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims and his works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He died of pneumonia.
Leonard Cohen is a poet and musician who performs sophisti-pop. He was a finalist for the Juno Award for Video of the Year and has a notable work called The Energy of Slaves. He has a father named Nathan Bernard Cohen and an unmarried partner named Dominique Issermann. He has an archive at the Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library.
Katsushika Hokusai was a painter who studied under Katsukawa Shunshō and Suigetsu Koryuu. He has works in the Smithsonian American Art Museum and his notable work is Oceans of Wisdom. He died in Asakusa.
Madonna, whose real name is Madonna Louise Fortin, is a guitarist and show business performer. She is married to Timor Steffens and has the nickname of Madame X. She has been nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
Andy Warhol was a diarist who studied under Balcomb Greene. He worked in Pittsburgh and died in New York City. He was represented by the Artists Rights Society and his works are in the Bavarian State Painting Collections. Campbell's Soup Cans II is one of his notable works.
Rembrandt is a Dutch Golden Age painter who was a printmaker and a student of Jacob van Swanenburgh. He has worked in Amsterdam and has a portrait in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum. Johann Ulrich Mayr was a student of Rembrandt.
Rembrandt was born on 15 July 1606 and his mother was Neeltje Willemsdr. Zuytbrouck. He was an art collector and his students included Franz Wulfhagen and Jan Pynas. He was also a student of Jan Pynas. He has a partner called Geertje Dircx and his works are in the collection of the Gallery Prince Willem V.
1986-08-21 born Usain Bolt, who has the occupation of a sprinter, was born in Sherwood Content. He has participated in the 2003 Port of Spain Carifta Games Jun. – men's 400 metres. He has also run in foot races. He has had COVID-19 and ended his career on 2017-08-12.
Robert de Boron is a writer and a poet.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Luca Signorelli was a student of Andrea del Verrocchio and Piero della Francesca.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Donato Bustamante, a High Renaissance artist, died in Rome.
Hafez is a Sufi and an Islamic leader.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and makes a living as a composer.
Béroul Occupation was written by Béroul and is a storyteller.
Pierre Aim was born in Paris on 31 January 1959.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a biologist and a biochemist.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who died on 1973-09-15.
Pinturicchio was a painter who died in Siena.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who died on 1973-09-15.
Philip the Arab was a Roman Emperor and Praetorian Prefect.
Maximinus Thrax was an Ancient Roman Senator who died in Aquileia.
Hafez is a Sufi and Sunni Muslim.
Rigord Occupation was written by Rigord and is a work of history.
Antal Adam was born on the 13th of September 1929 and is a geophysicist.
Marina Fernandez was born on 19 June 1981 and is an actor.
Nerva was a Roman Consul and an Ancient Roman Senator.
Jaufre Rudel is a composer and a poet.
Christina Cruickshank Miller was born on 29 August 1899 and died on 16 July 2001.
Yukiko Kobayashi was born in Tokyo and is a film actor.
Yukiko Kobayashi was born on 6th October 1946 and is an actor.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and was an ancient Roman senator.
Christina Cruickshank Miller was born on 29 August 1899 and died on 16 July 2001.
Leonid Razvozzhayev is a politician who speaks Russian.
Jana Senkova was born in Sternberk and is a volleyball player.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and his employer is the University of Ljubljana.
Jana Senkova was born on 11 July 1982 and is a volleyball player.
Hazel Bishop died in Rye on 1998-12-05.
Serge Chiesa, a football player, ended his career in 1989.
Vasco da Gama died in Kochi and was buried in St. Francis Church.
Eugen Polanski is a footballer who played in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia, who has Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia for a father, died in 1226.
Robert the Monk was a writer who died on 1122-08-23.
Pattie Maes is an engineer married to Karl Sims.
Emperor Xian of Han's father was Emperor Ling of Han, who had a son named Prince of Hongnong.
Otho was born in Rome and was a Roman Emperor.
Pattie Maes was born in Brussels-Capital Region and is employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a doctor in the military.
Kazimir Tarman was born in Maribor and makes his living as a science writer.
Štefan Michieli was born in Ljubljana and his field of work is entomology.
Anthony Reveillere, who weighs 77.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Gaël Clichy is a footballer who plays for the club AS Roma.
Hedi Slimane was born on July 5th, 1968 and is a fashion designer.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon was born in Antony and makes a living as an illustrator.
Mitchell Watt was born on 25 March 1988 and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Princess Wannian, who has the Emperor Ling of Han for a father, is a member of the House of Liu and has a brother called Prince of Hongnong.
M.J. Hyland was born on 6th June 1968 and is a novelist who was nominated for the Booker Prize.
Yuliya Zaripova was born in Svetly Yar on 26 April 1986 and is an athlete.
Jane Stafford was a chemist who worked for the American Medical Association and died in 1991.
Asli Cakir Alptekin, who weighs 50.0 kilograms, was born in Antalya and is an athlete.
Athletic Dawn Harper-Nelson was born in East St. Louis and weighs 61.0 kilograms.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Abel Mutai, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, is an athlete who competed in the 2012 African Championships in Athletics - men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Giovanni Giocondo was a restorer and a classical archaeologist who died in Rome.
Marcel Doret was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris and died of cancer. He is buried in the Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre-Grenier.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born in Kingston and is an athlete who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Marcel Doret died on 31 August 1955 in Vernet and was buried in the Cimetiere de l'avenue Pierre Grenier.
Jenö Ábel was born on 24 July 1858, is a Hungarian speaker and was a teacher.
Philippe Mexes, who played football, ended his career in 2016 and his native language is French.
Abel Mutai, a long-distance runner, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and is an athlete.
Julius Brink was born on 6 July 1982 in Münster and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born on 28 January 1986 and competed in the sport of athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Nesta Carter was born in Banana Ground and is a sprinter who plays athletics.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and weighs 64.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Adigrat on November 24, 1989 and weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Ella Gjømle was born in Porsgrunn and weighs 61.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007.
Anna J. Harrison was born on 23 December 1912 and was a university teacher who had her archives at Mount Holyoke College.
Emperor Chengdy of Han, who held the position of Emperor of China, was the son of Emperor Yuan of Han and the Empress Wang Zhengjun.
Dave Arneson was born on 1947-10-01 in Hennepin County. He is the creator of Blackmoor.
Jérôme Neuville was born on 15 August 1975 and is a track cyclist who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Li Yanfeng was born on 15 May 1979 and has a mass of 85 kgs. He is an athlete.
Mike Hawthorn was a Formula One driver who was a participant in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and died in an accident.
Mike Hawthorn was born on 10th April 1929 and died in a car collision. He was a participant in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Wang Tao was born on 1967-12-13 and has the military rank of Shao Jiang. He was a participant in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nicki Pedersen was born on 2 April 1977 and has a sister called Ronni who is a speedway rider.
Laurent Mourguet was born on 1769-03-03 and died in Vienne. He was a puppeteer.
Maciej Zieliński was born on 5 January 1971 and is located in Warsaw. He was a participant in the EuroBasket 1997.
Joyce Jacobson Kaufman was born in The Bronx on 1929-06-21 and died on 2016-08-26.
Sandra Lerner, born in California, is a philanthropist married to Leonard Bosack.
Sandra Lerner was born in 1955 and is a computer scientist married to Leonard Bosack.
Barbora Sptakova was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and is a javelin thrower and an athlete.
Barbora Špotáková was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and is an athlete who participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics – women's javelin throw.
Krisztián Pars was born on 18 February 1982 and is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Elmer Gethin Rees was born on 19 November 1941 in Llandybie. He worked in the field of Algebraic Geometry.
Rosearik Rikki Simons was born on 8th September 1970 in Fontana and is a comic artist.
Anita Włodarczyk was born on 8 August 1985 and is an athlete who competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics in the women's hammer throw.
William Terry was born in Amherst County and was a politician who worked as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Sally Pearson, who was born in Sydney and ended her career in 2019, was an athlete.
Hermann Maier is a professional alpine skier and a ski instructor. He competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the men's giant slalom.
Hermann Maier was born on 7th December 1972 and is a ski instructor who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Mary L Good was born in Grapevine and died in Little Rock. She had 2 children.
Trey Hardee, who is married to Chelsea Johnson, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and weighs 96.0 kilograms.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal was born in the Oromia region and is a middle-distance runner. She was a participant in the 2014 Asian Games.
Olha Saladukha was born in Donetsk and is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Caster Semenya was born on 7 January 1991 and has the medical condition of 5-alpha reductase deficiency. He was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Socrates was born in Alopeke and his wife was Xanthippe. He was a writer and his mother was Phaenarete.
1982-06-03 born Yelena Isinbayeva is a pole vaulter and a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has an academic degree as a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a writer and a philosopher.
Nicholas Meyer was born on 24 December 1945 in New York City. He is a novelist who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay.
Joan Lorring was born on 1926-04-17 and died from a disease. She was a TV actor and her native language was English.
András Fáy was a politician who worked as a member of the lower house of the Hungarian Diet. He was born in Hungary and died on 26 July 1864.
Niccolò Machiavelli was born in Florence and was a political theorist and a diplomat. He was a member of the High Renaissance Movement.
Jaime Levy Russell was born on March 8th 1966 in Hollywood. He is a computer scientist and his field of work is user interface.
Yelena Isinbayeva was born on 3 June 1982 and weighs 65 kg. She is a pole vaulter and competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Sandra Perković was born in Zagreb on 21 June 1990. She is 85 kg in weight and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a mathematician and a geographer.
František Plánička was born in Prague and died on 1996-07-20. He played football and ended his career in 1938.
David Cairns was born on 7 August 1966 and is a Latin Catholic priest. He worked in London and held the position of Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Scotland.
Deborah Compagnoni, who is married to Alessandro Benetton, was an alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog and died in Badenweiler. He was a dramaturge and his wife was Olga Knipper.
Ehsan Hadadi was born in Tehran and weighs 110.0 kilograms. He competed in the 2014 Asian Games in the sport of athletics.
Plato was born in Athens and his father was Ariston. He was a student of Hermogenes who was born in Alopeke. Plato was an epigrammatist.
Will Claye was born on 13 June 1991 in Phoenix. He is 72.0 kg in mass and competed in the men's triple jump at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Lizong of Song was born in Shaoxing on 26 January 1205. He was a ruler and his family was the House of Zhao.
Carlos Pellicer was a poet who worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He died in Mexico City on 1977-02-16.
Plato was a philosopher who studied under Socrates and died in Classical Athens. He had a mother named Perictione.
Matthew Vaughn is a film director who was married to Claudia Schiffer and has a child called Clementine Poppy. He was nominated for the European Film Award - People's Choice Award for Best European Film.
Will Claye, who is a member of the Red Bull team, is a professional athlete who has competed in the men's triple jump at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Kalidasa is an Epic Poet who wrote the Notable Works of Ṛtusaṃhāra and Raghuvaṃśa. He was also a lyricist.
Charles II de Croÿ, who died in Quiévrain, was a member of the House of Croÿ. He was the son of Anna z Croÿ and had a brother, Charles Philippe de Croÿ Marquis d'Havre.
Eddy Ottoz is a hurdler and his mass is 67.0 kilograms. He is an athlete and he was a participant in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Allen Sheppard was a member of the House of Lords and an author. He was married to Peggy Damaris Jones and died on 2015-03-25.
Catherine Coleman was born on the 14th of December 1960. She was a colonel in the military and her husband was Josh Simpson. She worked in spaceflight.
Franciszek Karpiński was born on 1741-10-04 and is a Polish national. He was a translator and his genre is Sentimentalism.
Florent Malouda was born on 13th June 1980 and weighs 75.0 kilograms. He is a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and has a sister called Lesly Malouda.
Yohan Blakes was born in Saint James Parish on 26 December 1989. He is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Domingo Santa Maria was a lawyer who worked in Santiago, Chile. He held the position of the Minister of Finance and died on 1889-07-18.
Kevin Rudolf is an English speaking actor who performs alternative rock.
Deborah Estrin was born in Los Angeles and her father is Gerald Estrin. She has a sister called Judith Estrin and her field of work is informatics.
Maks Wraber was a botanist who worked for the Jovan Hadz Institute of Biology. He died on 1972-05-14 in Ljubljana.
Michelangelo was a painter who died in Rome and was buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce. He was a member of the High Renaissance Movement.
Egon Krenz was born on 1937-03-19 and was married to Erika Krenz. He was a politician and held the position of a member of the Volkskammer.
Sue Gardner was born on 11th May 1967 and is a journalist. She held the position of the Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation and is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner.
Marco Polo was born in Venice and his father was Niccolò Polo who died in Brășov. Marco Polo was a traveler.
Raúl Albiol was born in Vilamarxant and his occupation is an association football player. He was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and his mass is 82.0 kilogram.
Domingo Santa Maria was born on 1825-08-04 and died in Santiago. He was a historian and held the position of the Chilean Minister of Finance.
Luigi Galvani was a doctor and an inventor who was married to Lucia Galeazzi Galvani. He died in Bologna.
Sergei Eisenstein was born in Riga and died in Novodevichy Cemetery. He was a director and his father was Mikhail Eisenstein.
Emperor Ming of Jin, who held the position of Emperor of China, was a member of the House of Sima. He had a son called Sima Xingnan and a sister called Sima Huan.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and his father is John Romita Sr. He is a comic artist and one of his notable works is Kick-Ass.
Jack Brabham was born in Hurstville and died on 2014-05-19. He was an English speaker and his nickname was Black Jack.
Lǐ Rénài is the sister of Lǐ Rényǒu, the father of Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia. Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia has a son named Chahe. Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia is the son of Lǐ Rényǒu.
John Romita Jr. is an illustrator and his father, John Romita Sr. is a penciller. John Romita Jr. is known for his work on Iron Man.
Johanna Braddy was born in Atlanta on 30 August 1987. She is a voice actor and her writing language is English.
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia has a child named Li Chengzhen and his father is Lǐ Rényǒu. Lǐ Rénài is Lǐ Rényǒu's sibling.
Frédéric Taddeï is a journalist who works for Europe 1. He is married to French speaking Claire Nebout, who was born in Bourg-la-Reine.
John Hamilton was born in 1537 and was a politician. He was married to Margaret Lyon and his child was Lady Margaret Hamilton. His sibling was Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley.
Michela Figini was born in Prato on 7 April 1966. She is an Italian speaker and was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1984 Winter Olympics – women's downhill. Michela Figini weighs 61.0 kilogram.
Jackie Stewart, who was born in Dumbarton, is a sport shooter and his nickname is Jackie. He is married to Helen Stewart.
José Joaquín Pérez was born in Santiago and died on 1889-07-01 in Santiago. He was a diplomat and held the position of deputy of Chile.
Paul Otto was born on 8 February 1878 and was married to Charlotte Klinder. He was employed by the Deutsches Theater and was a film director. He was buried in Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Bode Miller was born in Easton on 12 October 1977. He is a participant in alpine skiing and was a member of the US Alpine Ski Team at the 2010 Winter Olympics. He weighs 91.0 kg.
Irina Beletskaya was born on 10 March 1933 in Saint Petersburg. She was a chemist and her academic degree was the Doktor Nauk in Chemistry. She worked in the field of organic chemistry.
Jacqueline Cochran was born on 11th May 1906 in Pensacola. She was a politician and worked for the Air Transport Auxiliary. She was a Lieutenant Colonel in the military.
Augustus was an Ancient Roman senator who was married to Claudia and had a son called Tiberius. His father was Gaius Octavius and his mother was Atia.
Mary Stewart was born in 1451 and has the mother, Mary of Guelders. The latter has the father, Arnold Duke of Guelders. James III of Scotland is the child of Mary of Guelders and his wife is Margaret of Denmark Queen of Scotland.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky was born in Moscow and died in Tikhvin Cemetery. He was married to Maria Dostoevskaya and had a child named Lyubov Dostoevskaya. He was a translator.
Paul Otto was born in Berlin and died in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He was a director and worked for Deutsches Theater. His wife was Charlotte Klinder.
Lamine Diack was born on 7th June 1933 and died on 3rd December 2021 in Dakar. He was a politician and held the position of chairperson.
Alessandro Volta was born on 18 February 1745. He was a Franciscan and worked as an inventor and senator. He was employed by the University of Pavia.
Ricardo Lagos was born on 2 March 1938. He was a diplomat and held the position of President of Chile. He was employed by Duke University and his child was Ricardo Lagos Weber.
Ricardo Lagos was born in Santiago and his mother is Ema Escobar. He is an economist and his employer is Duke University. He is an agnostic.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in 1145 and is a writer. He is married to Bertrand I of Baux and has a son called William I of Baux. He performs medieval music.
Alessandro Volta was an inventor who worked for the University of Pavia. He was married to Teresa Peregrini and died in Como. Alessandro Volta has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève.
Stefan Raab was born in Cologne and began his career as a record producer. He plays the upright piano and is employed by VIVA Germany. He has held the position of Eurovision Song Contest conductor.
Sara Simeoni was born in Rivoli Veronese and is married to Erminio Azzaro. She is a standard bearer and competed in the 1974 European Athletics Championships in the women's high jump. She weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Walter Ulbricht was born in Leipzig and died in Dresden. He was married to Lotte Ulbricht and had a child called Beate Ulbricht. Walter Ulbricht's place of burial was the Socialists' Memorial.
Güyük Khan is married to Wuwuerheimishi and has a child called Khokhoo. His father is Ögedei Khan and his mother is Töregene Khatun. Khokhoo is a sibling of Khoja.
Eugene Kaspersky was born in Novorossiysk and has a son called Ivan. He is a computer scientist who attended the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 2015. Eugene Kaspersky is affiliated with the Kaspersky Lab.
Jean-Marc Ayrault was born on 25 January 1950 in Maulévrier. He worked in Paris and was a member of the French National Assembly. His wife was Brigitte Ayrault.
Li Bai was a calligrapher who worked in China. He had a father named Li Ke and died in Dangtu County from drowning.
Emperor Ping of Han, who held the position of Emperor of China, had a father named Liu Xing. Liu Xing's sister was Princess Pingdou, who was a member of the House of Liu. Liu Xing's mother was Consort Feng Yuan.
1084 was the birthdate of Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia, who was a member of the Tangut people. He was a Buddhist and his father was Emperor Huizong of Western Xia. He had a son called Emperor Renzong of Western Xia.
Vespasian was a Roman Emperor who was born to Vespasia Polla and Titus Flavius Sabinus. He was married to Domitilla the Elder and had a daughter called Domitilla the Younger.
Hugues III d'Oisy was born in 1145 and died in 1189. He was a poet and was married to Margaret of Blois. His father was Simon d'Oisy.
Giovanni Gronchi was born in Italy and his wife is Carla Gronchi. He was a member of the Constituent Assembly of Italy and his academic degree is the laurea. He worked in Rome.
Seleucus III Ceraunus was born to Seleucus II Callinicus and his mother Laodice II. Antiochus III the Great is a member of the Seleucid family and has a son called Mithridates.
Clara Immerwahr was a doctoral student in the natural sciences and a peace activist. She died on 1915-05-02. Her parents were Anna Immerwahr and Philipp Immerwahr.
Valerie Aurora was born in 1978 and is a computer scientist who worked for Red Hat. Her father is Keith Henson and her mother is Carolyn Meinel.
Aristotle was a peripatetic school member and a student of Plato. He was a zoologist and died in Stageira.
Anton Polenec was born in Pustal on 7 October 1910. He was a zoologist and had a son called Tone. He died in October 2000.
Roman Herzog was a judge who worked in Munich. He was married to Alexandra von Vultejus and was the president of Germany. He died on January 10, 2017.
Harry Mulisch was born on 29 July 1927 and died of natural causes. He was a novelist and his notable work is The Stone Bridal Bed. He was included in the 2002 MNL Canon of Dutch Literature.
Seneca Occupation politician, and student of Papirius Fabianus, is Gaius Albucius Silus. Papirius Fabianus was a rhetorician who lived during the High Roman Empire.
Nicolas Anelka, who is married to Barbara Tausia, is a football manager and played for the 2010 World Cup. Barbara Tausia is a singer.
Marcus Aurelius was a Roman Emperor who studied under Alexander of Cotiaeum. He had a child called Fadilla and was married to Faustina the Younger. He died in Vindobona.
Marcus Aurelius was a Roman consul and his son was Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor. He was married to Faustina the Younger and his father was Antoninus Pius. Marcus Aurelius was a student of Herodes Atticus.
Zinedine Zidane, who is also known as Zizou, was born in France and has a son called Theo Zidane. He was a participant in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and his employer is UNICEF.
Julian Assange, who has Asperger Syndrome, is an English speaking internet activist. He is also known as Proff and has a mother called Christine Ann Assange.
Stephen Harper was born in Toronto and plays the piano. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada and was a participant in FII 5th Edition in Riyadh. He wrote in English.
Louis de Funes was born on 31 July 1914 and died in 1982. He was a stage actor and played the piano. His family was the de Funes.
John Franklin was born in Spilsby and was married to Eleanor Anne Porden. He was an explorer and a participant in the Mackenzie River Expedition. His mother was Hannah Weekes.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and died in Luoyang. He was the Crown Prince and had two children, Liu Junyi and Liu Xian.
Pierre Corneille was a playwright who wrote in French. He held seat 14 of the Académie française and was Antoine Corneille's brother. He was buried in the Eglise de Monceaux-l'Abbaye.
Stephen Harper is a politician who was the Prime Minister of Canada. He was born in Canada and his native language is English. He was a participant in FII 5th Edition in Riyadh and his writing language is English.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and died in Luoyang. He was the Crown Prince and had three children: Liu Ying, Liu Yan and Liu Ci.
Tom DeLonge was born in Poway and has 2 children. He is a pop punk guitarist and actor.
Mitt Romney was a United States senator and a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was a Mormon missionary and his siblings included G. Scott Romney. He was married to Tagg Romney and wrote in English.
Yuri Gagarin was a major in the military and an astronaut. He was married to Valentina Ivanovna Gagarina and had a child named Galina Yuryevna Gagarina. He had a mother named Anna Gagarina. He died on 1968-03-27.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and died in Rome. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his mother was Sextilia. His father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder who had a son called Lucius Vitellius the Younger.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Anselm of Laon was born in 1050 and died in Laon. He was a student of Bruno of Cologne.
Abdalaati Iguider was born on 25 March 1987 and his native language is Berber. He is a long distance runner and has competed in the IAAF World Indoor Championships in the men's 1500 metres. He weighs 57.0 kilograms and his sport is athletics.
Helen M. Berman was born in Chicago on 1943-09-23. She was a student of Barbara Wharton Low, who died in The Bronx. Helen M. Berman worked as a crystallographer and was employed by Rutgers University.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer was a playwright and a professor. He worked for the University of Stuttgart and was located in Tübingen. He died on 1887-09-14 in Gmunden.
Tiki Gelana was born on 22 October 1987 and is a relative of Gezahegne Abera who was born in the Oromia region. Tiki Gelana is a marathon runner and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a member of the athletics club.
1665-09-05 was the birthdate of Louis Antoine de Pardaillan de Gondrin in Paris. He was a nobleman, whose title was Margrave. He had a child named Pierre de Pardaillan de Gondrin and his mother was Madame de Montespan. His sibling was Louis Auguste Duke of Maine.
Daniel Craig is a model and has 2 children. He is a relative of Daniel Chamier and is a supporter of the Liverpool FC. He was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. His mother is Carol Olivia Williams.
Alexander Pushkin was a Russian speaking writer of children's literature. He was the son of Sergey Pushkin and Nadezhda Pushkina. He had a son named Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin. Alexander Pushkin died from a ballistic trauma.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a child called Princess Isabella of Armenia and a mother called Sibylla of Lusignan. She is married to Leo I King of Armenia. Marie of Armenia is a princess and is married to Guy d'Ibelin.
André-Marie Ampère was born in Paris and his mother was Jeanne Antoinette de Sarcey. He was a mathematician and his employer was the Collège de France. He studied with Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand and his place of burial was the Montmartre Cemetery.
Dan Brown was born on 22 June 1964 and is a native English speaker. He was a teacher and is an author of the book Angels & Demons. He was employed by Phillips Exeter Academy.
Sandro Botticelli was a fresco painter who studied under Filippo Lippi and Pier Francesco Fiorentino. He was a member of the Early Renaissance and died in Florence. He is buried in the Ognissanti Church.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a child named Marie of Armenia and her father is Leo I King of Armenia. Sibylla of Lusignan is the mother of Isabella I Queen of Armenia. Marie of Armenia is married to Guy d'Ibelin and is a member of the Hethumids family. Rita of Armenia Lady of Saravantikar is a sister of Marie of Armenia.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a daughter Marie of Armenia. Marie of Armenia is a princess and has a sibling Sibylla of Armenia. Marie of Armenia is a member of the Hethumids and her spouse is Guy d'Ibelin.
Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo and died on 26 July 2022 in Brussels. He was a writer and worked at the European Parliament. He had a daughter called Stina Morian.
Giovanni Leone was born on 11/03/1908 and his occupation was a lawyer. He worked in Rome and held the position of Italian senator for life. He has a son called Gian Carlo Leone and his mother is Maria Gioffredi.
Daniel Morgan was born in Hunterdon County and died on 1802-07-06. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia and worked as a military officer in Washington D.C. He was a slaveholder.
Michelle Bachelet was born in La Cisterna and has a child named Sebastián Dávalos. She is an epidemiologist and held the position of a consultant. Her father is Alberto Bachelet and her mother is Angela Jeria.
Emperor Ai of Jin, who has the occupation of a Sovereign, has the mother Consort Zhou for his family. Emperor Ai of Jin is related to Emperor Ming of Jin, who is the father of Emperor Cheng of Jin. Emperor Cheng of Jin, who is married to Consort Zhou, is a member of the House of Sima and held the position of Emperor of China.
Herman Melville was born in Manhattan and died in New York City. He was a novelist and his most notable work was Moby Dick. He died of heart failure and his death was natural.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Zweibrücken and his father was Justus Christian Felix Seidel. He was a student of Friedrich Bessel and his occupation was an optician. He was a Ritter and his sibling was Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel.
Gustav Heinemann was a lawyer who worked for the University of Cologne. He was the Federal Minister of Justice and his child was Uta Ranke Heinemann. He died in Essen and was buried in the municipal park cemetery of Essen.
Roy Budd was born on March 14th, 1947. He was a pianist and died from a stroke. He died of natural causes. Roy was married to Caterina Valente, who is a member of the Honolulu Club.
Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and died in Paris. He was a novelist and held the position of the ambassador of France to Romania. His father was Eugene Morand.
Saddam Hussein was born on 28 April 1937 and died in Kadhimiya. He was a novelist and held the position of Prime Minister of Iraq. His wife was Samira Shahbandar and his son was Qusay Hussein.
Trajan was a politician who was born in Selinus, Cilicia. He was married to Pompeia Plotina and had a sister called Ulpia Marciana. He was a member of the Nerva-Antonine dynasty and his father was Marcus Ulpius Traianus.
Salvador Allende was born on 26 June 1908 and died in Santiago. He was a politician and held the position of President of the Senate of Chile. His wife was Isabel Allende and his daughter was Maria Isabel Allende.
Petrarch was a writer and a philosopher who had 2 children. He studied under Pietro Cerniti and Giovanni Malpaghini.
Lucy Everest Boole was born on 5th August 1862 in Blackrock. She was a chemist and had a sister called Ethel Lilian Voynich. Her father was George Boole and she died on 5th December 1904.
Edward II of England was born in Caernarfon Castle and died in Berkeley Castle. He was the son of Edward I of England and his wife, Eleanor of Castile. Eleanor of Castile had a child named Isabella.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born in Novara and died on 29 January 2012. He was married to Maria Inzitari and was a politician who worked as the Italian Minister of the Interior. Italian is his native language.
Emperor Wu of Jin has several children, including Sima Mo, Sima Jian, Sima Hui and the Princess Wannian. He also has a father, Sima Zhao and a mother, Wang Yuanji.
Lluis Companys was born in El Tarròs and died in Montjuic Castle on 1940-10-15. He was the civil governor of Barcelona.
Felix Baumgartner was born on 20 April 1969. He was a member of the military and his occupation was skydiving. He was married to Mihaela Radulescu. He was a sponsored athlete for Fortnite Battle Royale.
Quentin Tarantino was born in Knoxville and is an English speaking director. He has worked for the Museum of Modern Art and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director. He is an independent filmmaker.
Lluis Companys was a trade unionist who worked in Barcelona. He had a child called Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó and his father was Josep Companys i Fontanet. He was a city councilor of Barcelona and died in Montjuic Castle.
Ferdinand Marcos was a dictator who worked as the Secretary of National Defense. He was born in Honolulu and has a mother named Josefa Edralin Marcos and a child named Aimee Marcos. He also has a sister named Fortuna Marcos-Barba.
Kublai Khan was born in Khanbaliq and died in his wife's, Tegulun's, home. He was the son of Tolui and Sorghaghtani Beki. He had two children, Yuelie and Kuokuochu.
Louis Aragon, who was born to Marguerite Toucas-Massillon, is a novelist and doctor who was employed by Ce soir. He was known as Arnaud de Saint-Roman and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Bruno Mars was born on October 8th, 1985. He is a singer-songwriter and plays the piano. His genre is Contemporary R&B. He has a mother called Bernadette San Pedro Bayot and a father called Peter Hernandez.
Louis Aragon was born on 10/03/1897 in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. He was a doctor and a writer and was a member of the Surrealism movement. He was known as Arnaud de Saint-Roman. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Antonio Segni was born in Sassari and died in Rome. He was a diplomat and held the position of Prime Minister of Italy. His native language was Italian and his child was Mario Segni.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film actor and a film screenwriter. He died of natural causes. He was a notable work for The Sacrifice and his career ended in 1986. He has works in the collection of Harvard Film Archive.
1924 Summer Olympics participant David Cecil 6th Marquess of Exeter was born in Burghley House. He worked in London and held a position in the House of Lords. He was the son of William Cecil 5th Marquess of Exeter and had a daughter named Lady Victoria Leatham.
Francesco Cossiga was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and worked for the University of Sassari. He had a child named Giuseppe Cossiga and his academic degree was the laurea. He worked in Rome and died on 2010-08-17.
Weird Al Yankovic, who has a child called Nina Yankovic, is a composer and plays the piano accordion. He is an English speaker and is influenced by Allan Sherman. He performs comedy rock and his musical genre is piano accordion.
Ernst Mielck was a piano player who studied under Max Bruch. Max Bruch was born in Cologne and died in Berlin. He was a composer and an opera singer. Ernst Mielck died of natural causes.
George W. Bush was a businessman who worked in Washington D.C. He was a member of the rugby team and was the President-elect of the United States. He has two children, Jenna Bush Hager and Jeb Bush.
Douglas Adams was born on 11th March 1952 and his father was Christopher Douglas Adams. He was a writer and his notable work was the Dirk Gently series. He was employed by The Digital Village and his genre was comedy. He was an employee of The Digital Village and his genre was comedy. He has an archive at St John's College Library.
Jozef Pilsudski was born in Zalavas and died in Warsaw. He was the Prime Minister of Poland and was a member of the Roman Catholic Church. He was represented by the painting Pilsudski on Kasztanka. His sister was Bronisław Pilsudski. He died of liver cancer and was buried at Wawel Cathedral.
Friedrich Hayek was born in Vienna and died in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was a university teacher and worked in the field of cognitive science. He was employed by the London School of Economics and Political Science and his archives are at the National Library of Wales. His relative was Leopoldine 'Poldy' Kalmus.
American English is the native language of Grace Kelly, who is an American. She is a stage actor and has the religion of Catholicism. Her eye colour is blue and she is the owner of the Grace Kelly collection.
Jimmy Wales was born in 1966 and is married to Kate Garvey. He is a merchant and was employed by Bomis. He is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018 and was influenced by Ayn Rand. He is the creator of the Wikipedia.
Daniel Balavoine was a rock musician who worked as a pianist. He was influenced by Christophe and died in Gourma-Rharous. He had a child named Joana Balavoine and ended his career in 1986.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a statesperson and his occupation was Minister of External Affairs. He was a participant in the Asian-African Conference and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He was married to Kamala Nehru and his sister was Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. He wrote in English.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in Leytonstone and his father was William Hitchcock. He was a director and his notable work was North by Northwest. He was a suspense filmmaker and his child was Pat Hitchcock. He had an archive at the Margaret Herrick Library.
Matsuo Bashō was born on 1644-08-15 and died on 1694-11-28. He was a haikai poet and wrote Nozarashi kikō. He had a student named Kawai Sora and wrote in Japanese.
Patti Smith is a singer and composer who performs art rock music. She has a child named Jesse Smith and has worked in Detroit. Patti Smith's works are in the collection of the Photography Collection of the New York Public Library.
Robert Schumann was a chamber musician and a conductor. He was the father of Felix Schumann and the son of August Schumann. He studied with Albert Dietrich and Heinrich Dorn. His most notable work is Kinderszenen.
Stanisław Lem is a doctor and a dramatist who is married to Barbara Lem. He was a finalist for the International Booker Prize and is represented by Franz Rottensteiner. He has written The Star Diaries and is a futures studies expert.
Sean Connery was born in England and died on 2020-10-31 of atrial fibrillation. He was married to Micheline Roquebrune and his father was Joseph Connery. He was a BAFTA Award nominee for Best Actor in a Leading Role and his sibling was Neil Connery.
John Coltrane was a jazz musician who played the baritone saxophone. He was a conductor and was signed to the record label Blue Note. He owned his own home and died of liver failure. One of his notable works was Giant Steps.
Stanley Kubrick was a director who was influenced by Max Ophüls. He was an American Jew and was married to Christiane Kubrick. He was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Director and died of natural causes. He was buried at Childwickbury Manor.
Stanley Kubrick was a film editor who died of natural causes. He was a participant in the documenta 6 program and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He was buried at Childwickbury Manor. The Stanley Kubrick Archive is located at the University of the Arts London Archives and Special Collections.
Charles Baudelaire was a Catholic essayist who was influenced by Joseph de Maistre. He was the author of Les Fleurs du Mal and died of natural causes on 31 August 1867.
Joseph Haydn was born on 31 March 1732. He was a pianist and performed in the performing arts. He was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm and was a member of the Lobkowicz family. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was a member of the Lobkowicz family and was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He
Charles de Gaulle was born in Lille and died from an aneurysm. He was a member of the de Gaulle family and was a Catholic. He was the President of the Council and his writing language was French. His archives are located at the Louis Round Wilson Library.
Bill Clinton, who was married to Hillary Clinton, was a United Nations employee and a vegetarian. He was known as Slick Willie and had a pet called Buddy. He wrote in English and was a participant in the commencement at the Syracuse University.
Charles Aznavour was born in Armenia and his father was Misha Aznavourian. He was a chanson performer and wrote in French. He had 5 children and died in the cemetery of Montfort-l'Amaury. He ended his career in 2018.
Osama bin Laden was a terrorist who was married to Najwa bin Laden. He was born in Riyadh and died in the Arabian Sea. He was known as El Príncipe and was an antisemitic. He was the brother of Salem bin Laden. He ended his career on May 2, 2011.
Konrad Adenauer was a member of the Catholic Church and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was a resistance fighter and was Lord Mayor of Cologne. He has a son called Ferdinand and a sister called August. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Frida Kahlo was born in Mexico City and died of a pulmonary embolism. She was a biographer and a diarist who worked in the engraving process. Her work is in the collection of the Museo de Arte Moderno and her movement is magic realism.
Abraham Lincoln was born on 12 February 1809 and died from a headshot. He was a Baptist and owned the Lincoln Bible. He was influenced by the sufferings in Africa and had one child, Mary Todd Lincoln.
s-Hertogenbosch born Marianne Vos was a participant in the 2010 and 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cups. She was born on 13 May 1987 and weighs 58.0 kilograms. She is a cyclo-cross cyclist and has worked as a track cyclist.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a film producer and English writer who starred in the film Terminator: Dark Fate. He has a child named Christina Schwarzenegger and his mother is Aurelia Schwarzenegger. He is married to Heather Milligan.
Francis Mitterrand was a French writer and politician who held the position of Minister of Justice. He was an agnostic and his wife was Anne Pingeot. He died of prostate cancer on 8 January 1996. His papers are held at the Institut Francois-Mitterrand.
Jacob Grimm was a university teacher who wrote the book Deutsche Mythologie. He was employed by the Frederick William University and had a sibling named Ludwig Emil Grimm. He had a student named Benedict Waldeck. He died in Berlin on 1863-09-20.
Naguib Mahfouz was a playwright and screenwriter who was influenced by Franz Kafka. He was married to Atiyatullah Ibrahim and died on 2006-08-30. He wrote The Harafish.
Hillary Clinton was born in Edgewater Hospital and graduated from her bachelor's degree at the age of 22. She worked as a writer and held an internship. She resides in Washington D.C. and is a notable work of Hard Choices. She is a participant in the India Economic Conclave 2022.
Paul McCartney is a pop rock musician who plays the double bass. He is the father of Stella McCartney and is married to Paul McCartney. He is a student of Donovan and is employed by the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. He is known as Apollo C. Vermouth and is depicted by Paul McCartney (Mike's Brother).
M.C. Escher was a Brussels based graphic artist who was a student of Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita. He was married to Jetta Umiker and his mother was Sara Adriana Gleichman. He was a landscape artist and his works are in the CODA Museum.
Charles Dickens was born in England and died in Westminster Abbey. He was a social critic and his notable work was Hard Times. He was the father of Dora Annie Dickens and was depicted in his study by Charles Dickens. He has works in the collection of Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam.
Charles Dickens was born in British English and died in Gads Hill Place in 1870. He was a novelist and his works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. He had a sibling named Augustus Dickens and a child named Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens.
Charles Dickens was born in the Dickens family and died in 1870. He was a short story writer and his notable work was Bleak House. He had a son called Charles Dickens Jr and an unmarried partner, Ellen Ternan. His father was John Dickens.
Barack Obama, who was born in Hawaii and has the nickname of Barry, is a politician and was the President-elect of the United States. He was a participant in the commencement at the University of Notre Dame and was depicted by the Situation Room. He has a sister called Auma and a relative called Lolo Soetoro.
Louis XV of France was born on 15 February 1710 and died of smallpox. He was a member of the House of Bourbon and owned the Louis XV in Armour. His unmarried partner was Marie Anne de Coislin and his child was Benoit Louis le Duc. His eyes were brown.
Leonard Cohen was born on 21 September 1934. He was married to Suzanne Elrod and had an unmarried partner, Marianne Ihlen. He was a singer and performed at the Mariposa Folk Festival. He wrote The Energy of Slaves and ended his career on 2016-02-02.
George Harrison, aka George O'Hara-Smith, is a singer and violinist. He is a folk rock musician and a member of the religion of Hinduism. He has a child called Dhani Harrison and has performed the song "Something".
Leonhard Euler was an astronomer who worked in Berlin. He was married to Salomea Abigail Euler and his notable work was Euler's Identity. He wrote in German and his field of work was differential calculus. One of his students was Semen Kotenikov.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a piano player and improviser who died in 1827. He had a brother named Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven and was a student of Christian Gottlob Neefe and Archduke Rudolf of Austria. He wrote the Piano Sonata No. 14.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a musician who was influenced by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. He was a student of Dorothea von Ertmann and was a member of the Fleming ethnic group. He was a performer of Romantic music and his most notable work is the Piano Sonata No. 21. He died of liver cirrhosis.
Michael Jackson was a pop musician who owned the Neverland Ranch. He was a drummer and a screenwriter. He was influenced by Jackie Wilson and his career ended in 2009. He had a sister called Janet.
Michael Jackson is a singer and music composer who is influenced by Sammy Davis Jr. He is an art collector and his ethnic group is African American. He has a medical condition called vitiligo and his sibling is Brandon Jackson.
Francisco de Goya was born in Bordeaux and his occupation is an etcher. He has a child named Francisco Javier Goya Bayeu and his notable work is Adoration of the Name of God. He is related to Ramon Bayeu and his works are in the collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art. His mother is Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador.
1973-04-08 is the date of the death of Pablo Picasso, who was born in Avignon. He was a graphics artist and had a child named Claude Picasso. He was a participant in the De Calder à Koons Bijoux d'Artistes La Collection Idéale de Diane Venet and his works are in the collection of the Menil Collection. The Rhode Island School of Design denies the claim on Picasso by Alphonse Kann heirs.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born in Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Conrad Nutschan was born on 5th September 1979 and his notable work is Alles über Wikipedia und die Menschen hinter der größen Enzyklopädie der Welt.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born in Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer who writes in French.
Emperor He of Han, who was the Emperor of China, was also the Crown Prince.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and his employer is Rutgers University.
Balbinus was a Roman Emperor and was part of the Pupienus and Balbinus group.
Plotius Tucca was a writer in the Roman Empire.
Florencia de Saracho was born on the 4th December 1981 and is an actor.
Annibale Carraccis died in Rome on 15th July 1609.
Gordian III, who held the position of an ancient Roman senator, has Maecia Faustina for a mother.
Guntis Valneris was born on 6th September 1967 and was a participant in the 2017 Draughts World Championship.
Arnaut Daniel was born in Ribérac and is a composer.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in St. Francis Church.
Ping Fu was born in 1958 and is a businessperson.
Leslie Barnett was born in London and is a molecular biologist.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in the Jeronimos Monastery.
Ashton Rome was born in Nesbitt on 31 December 1985.
Ping Fu was born in Nanjing and is a computer scientist.
Emperor Xian of Han's father was Emperor Ling of Han, who had a son named Prince of Hongnong.
Pauline Newman was born in New York City and is a chemist.
Emperor Yuan of Han's father was Emperor Xuan of Han and his mother was Empress Xu Pingjun.
Štefan Michieli was an entomologist who died in Ljubljana.
Corentin Martins is a football manager who played in the 1996 UEFA Euro.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a military man and a writer.
Kathleen C. Taylor was born in the United States of America in 1942.
Patrick Ricard was a business executive who died in Toulon.
Anna Sundström was born in Spånga and is a chemist.
Robert the Monk was a historian who died on 23rd August 1122.
Andre de Kruijff was born on 1895-04-09 and died in Amstelveen.
Rafal Bigus, who weighs 125.0 kilograms, was a participant in the EuroBasket 1997.
Pattie Maes was born in Brussels-Capital Region and is a computer scientist.
Elena Lashmanova was born in Saransk on 04/09/1992.
Emperor Huizong of Song, whose father was Emperor Shenzong of Song, is a Taoist.
Jing Li is a researcher who works for the employer Yespoho India Pvt. Ltd.
Stefen Fangmeier was born in El Paso on 1960-12-09.
Mitchell Watt was born in Bendigo and is an athlete.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer, who died in Bitche, was a dipterologist.
Andreas Capellanus, who wrote the book De amore, wrote in Latin.
Jérémy Toulalan was born on 10th September 1983 and played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Mimar Sinan was born in Ağırnas and is a scientist.
Bjorn Otto, who weighs 90.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Henry P. Alexander was a United States representative who died in Little Falls.
Yevgeniya Kolodko was born on 22 July 1990 and is a shot putter.
Franz Klammer is a participant in the 1984 Winter Olympics and his sport is alpine skiing.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and makes a living as a programmer.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and is a programmer.
Patsy O'Connell Sherman, an inventor, died in Minneapolis.
Franc Gubenšek was born on 31 October 1937 in Celje. He was a biologist.
Kayla Ewell is a TV actor who was born in the United States and uses the English language.
Emperor Ling of Han, who held the position of Emperor of China, had a son called Emperor Xian of Han and a sister called Princess Wannian.
Francis Coventry was born in 1725 and is a writer who has the religion of Anglicanism.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on 12/09/1960 and is a film director who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Claire Holt was born in Brisbane, Australia and is an actor. Australian English is her native language.
Mariya Savinova, a middle-distance runner, weighs 60.0 kilograms and plays athletics.
Bernard Lacombe, who played football for a living, was a participant in the 1984 UEFA Euro.
Jessica Ennis-Hill is an athlete who competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Olga Kaniskina, who weighs 43.0 kilograms, is an athlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Dejen Gebremeskel, who weighs 57.0 kilograms, is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Brigetta Barrett, who weighs 64.0 kilograms, is a high jumper who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Abel Mutai is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He makes his living as an athlete.
Elsie Widdowson was born in Wallington and died on 2000-06-14. She was a chemist.
Claude Bourgelat was born in Lyon and his occupation is an encyclopedist. He writes in French.
Abel Kirui, who weighs 62.0 kg, was born in Bomet and is an athlete.
Sébastien Squillaci was born on 11th August 1980 and is a French speaking participant in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Horace was a student of Cratippus of Pergamon, a Platonist and a philosopher.
Tatyana Lysenko was born in Bataysk and competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Anna J. Harrison, who died on 1998-08-08, was a university teacher and her archives are at Mount Holyoke College.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Adigrat and is an athlete and competitor.
Rufus R. Jones was born on July 4th, 1933, was a native English speaker and died in Kansas City.
1967-12-13 born Wang Tao, who plays table tennis, was a participant in the table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics – men's doubles.
1900 Summer Olympics participant and sport bullseye shooter Solko van den Bergh died on 1916-12-25.
Dave Arneson was born on 1947-10-01 and is a role-playing game designer. He is the creator of Blackmoor.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and is a chemist who worked for the University of Liège.
Born in Beverly, Lucy Weston Pickett worked for Mount Holyoke College and died on 1997-11-23.
Solko van den Bergh, who died in The Hague, was a participant in the 1900 Summer Olympics and his sport is shooting.
Hubert Clifford was born in Bairnsdale and died in 1959. He was a film score composer.
Primož Kozmus was born on 30th September 1979 and is a hammer thrower who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stephen Kiprotich was born on 27 February 1989 and is a long distance runner who competed in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Mr. Lawrence was born on January 1, 1969 in East Brunswick. He is a comedian.
Andrea del Sarto, who died in Florence, was a student of Raffaellino del Garbo, a painter.
Elmer Gethin Rees was a topologist and an algebraic geometer who died in Bristol.
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad, who was born on 15 March 1985, is an athlete who competes in sports.
Laurent Koscielny, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is a football player who was in the 2016 UEFA Euro.
Miguel de Cervantes was an accountant who died in Madrid. He was born in Early Modern Spanish.
Jennifer Suhr was born in Fredonia and weighs 65.0 kilograms. She was a participant in the 2015 Pan American Games.
Lalonde Gordon was born on 25 November 1988 and is an athlete who competed in the 400 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Qin Er Shi's father was Qin Shi Huangdi, who was born in the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor and has the Queen Dowager Zhao for a mother.
Olivier Giroud, who plays for the French national football team, was a participant in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group A.
Hermann Maier is an alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the men's Super-G.
Kateri Tekakwitha was born in 1656 and is an indigenous person from the Americas. He is buried in Kahnawake.
Athletics competitor, Mutaz Essa Barshim, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Karim Benzema was born on 19 December 1987 and is a footballer who played in the 2014 World Cup.
William Terry, a slaveholder, was a lawyer who died by drowning.
Olivier Giroud was born in Chambéry, France on 30th September 1986.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a cosmographer.
Helinand of Froidmont was born in 1160 and is a Latin speaking poet.
Nicholas Meyer is a director who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He wrote in English.
Socrates was a teacher who was married to Xanthippe and had a mother called Phaenarete who lived in the classical antiquity.
Justin Gatlin was born on 10 February 1982 and is an athlete who competes in the 100 metres. He was a participant in the 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Giuseppe Farina was born on 30 October 1906 and died in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin. He was a participant in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and an auto racing driver.
Myrtle Bachelder was a radio chemist who worked for the University of Chicago. She died in Chicago.
1924-07-25 born, Elder Paisios of Mount Athos, died on 1994-07-12, from cancer, in natural causes.
Socrates was born in Alopeke and his occupation was a philosopher. He was married to Myrto and his mother was Phaenarete.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a theologian and a cartographer.
Helinand of Froidmont was born in 1160 and is a member of the Benedictine order. He is a Latin writer and his occupation is a historian.
Bill Maher was born on 20 January 1956 and is an English speaking actor who has had COVID-19.
Bill Maher was born in New York City and is an English speaking actor. He has COVID-19.
Gordian II, who died in Carthage, was the son of Gordian I, who was a praetor. Gordian II was a Roman consul.
Fabrizio Donato was born on 14 August 1976 and weighs 82.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 2000 Summer Olympics and his sport is athletics.
Ezekiel Kemboi was born in Marakwet District and is an athlete who competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Bill Maher was born on 20 January 1956 in New York City. He is a screenwriter and uses the English language.
František Plánička was born in 1904 and died in 1996. He played football and was known as El gat de Praga. He belonged to the František Plánička Sport Association.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes in 1140. He was a poet and died in 1224.
Deborah Compagnoni was born on 4 June 1970 and weighs 60 kg. She is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics - women's giant slalom.
Deborah Compagnoni was born in Bormio and is married to Alessandro Benetton. She weighs 60.0 kilograms and competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the women's giant slalom.
Ehsan Hadadi was born on 20 January 1985 and is an athlete who competed in the 2010 Asian Games.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and died in Paris on 1836-02-10. She was married to Benjamin Thompson.
Radia Perlman was born in Portsmouth and is a mathematician and a software engineer. He is employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Qin Shi Huangdi's father was King Zhuangxiang of Qin and his mother was Queen Dowager Zhao. King Zhuangxiang of Qin was married to Queen Dowager Zhao and his child was Chengjiao.
Deborah Compagnoni, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is an alpine skier and competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in the women's giant slalom.
Jochen Rindt was a Formula One driver who was married to Nina Rindt. He had a father called Karl Rindt and died in a traffic collision.
Lech Wałęsa was born on 29th September 1943 and is a Polish politician. He is a member of the Catholic Church.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was a chemist who died on 1836-02-10. She was married to Benjamin Thompson and had a father named Jacques Paulze.
Erika Hess was born on 6 March 1962 and is a Swiss German speaker. She is a relative of Monika Hess and her sport is alpine skiing.
Franciszek Karpiński was a playwright who died in Vaukavysk on 1825-09-16. He was a sentimentalist.
Helen Murray Free was born in Pittsburgh and died on 2021-05-01. She was a chemist.
Federico Gamboa was born on 22nd December 1864 and died in Mexico City on 1939-04-04. He was a playwright.
Eiichiro Oda is a mangaka who worked for Shueisha. He studied under Masaya Tokuhiro and his most notable work is One Piece.
Fra Bartolomeo was a drawer who studied under Cosimo Rosselli, who was born in Florence. Neri di Bicci died in Florence.
Abou Diaby, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a relative of Sekana Diaby. Sekana Diaby, who played football in the 1990 African Cup of Nations, is a member of the association football sport.
Eiichiro Oda, who is also known as Goda, was born in Kumamoto, Japan. One of his notable works is One Piece.
Abou Diaby, who plays football for a living, is related to Sekana Diaby, who was born in Abidjan and played for the 1988 African Cup of Nations.
Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and is a member of the Ottoz family. He is a politician and has a son called Laurent Ottoz.
Fra Bartolomeo was a drawer and a student of Cosimo Rosselli. Piero di Cosimo was born in Florence and Cosimo died there.
Hubert Salentin was born on 15 January 1822 in Zulpich. He was an artist and his works are in the collection of the Moravian Gallery in Brno.
Franciszek Karpiński was a translator who died on 1825-09-04 in Vaŭkavysk. He was buried in Lyskava.
Helen Murray Free was born in Pittsburgh and died on 2021-05-01. She was an inventor and worked for Indiana University South Bend.
J. Bernlef was a Dutch speaking translator who worked for the CODA Museum. He died on 29 October 2012.
Sue Gardner was born in Bridgetown on May 11th, 1967. She is a writer who works for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Tolui, who has a child called Moge, is married to Lingqun khatun. His father is Genghis Khan and his mother is Borte.
Deborah Estrin is a university teacher in the field of informatics who worked for Cornell University. One of her notable works is Scalable timers for soft state protocols.
Willi Stoph was a German speaking Prime Minister of East Germany. He was an atheist and died on 1999-04-13.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes's mother was Laodice III, who had the child Laodice IV and was married to Mithridates II of Pontus.
Raúl Albiol was born in Vilamarxant and his occupation is an association football player. He played for the Spanish national football team in the 2008 UEFA Euro.
Uilke Vuurman was a sport shooter and a corporal in the military. He was a participant in the 1900 Summer Olympics and died on July 14th, 1955.
Sima Yi was born in Wen County and has a child called Sima Zhao. He is married to Miss Bai.
Jack Brabham was born in Hurstville and died on the Gold Coast on 2014-05-19. He was a sporting director.
Prince of Changyi is the father of Liu Fengqin, who has the siblings Liu Daizong and Liu Fengqin. Liu Fengqin is a member of the House of Liu and Liu Chongguo is his family.
Emperor Ming of Jin, who died on 18th March 2005, was the Emperor of China. He was born to Lady Xun and was married to Empress Yu Wenjun. He had a sibling called Sima Xi.
John Romita Jr. was born on 17th August 1956 and is a comic artist. His father, John Romita Sr, was born in Brooklyn. One of his notable works is The Amazing Spider-Man.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom and his occupation is a police officer. He has a father, Cecil William Dear and a mother, Violet Mildred Mackney. Violet Mildred Mackney is married to Cecil William Dear.
Ada Yonath was born on 22nd June 1939. She is a molecular biologist who worked at the Weizmann Institute of Science. She was influenced by William Lipscomb.
Rachel Maddow was born in Castro Valley and is a Catholic. She is an actor and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Audio Book Narration & Storytelling Recording. She is in a relationship with Susan Mikula.
Jack Brabham was an English speaking native of Australia. He had 3 children and was a Knight Bachelor. He died of natural causes in Gold Coast.
Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and his wife was Margaret of Provence. His father was Louis VIII of France and his mother was Blanche of Castile. Margaret of France Duchess of Brabant was his child.
Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and died in Tunis. He was married to Margaret of Provence and had a child called Isabella of France Queen of Navarre. His mother was Blanche of Castile.
John Romita Jr was born in Brooklyn on 17 August 1956. He is a comic artist and his notable work is The Amazing Spider-Man. His father is John Romita Sr.
Mette Frederiksen was born in Aalborg and is a politician. He has 2 children and is married to Bo Tengberg. He worked as a member of the Folketing.
Mette Frederiksen was born in Aalborg and is married to Bo Tengberg. She has 2 children and was a trade unionist who worked at the Folketing.
Nero was born in Cologne and his mother was Agrippina the Younger. He was a Roman consul. Agrippina the Younger was the daughter of Germanicus and Caligula was his son.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete who is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton. Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who weighs 64.0 kilograms, is an athlete and competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Franz Beckenbauer, who ended his career in 1983, was a footballer who played for the 1966 World Cup. He was also the honorary chairperson of the sport. His Pseudonym was Der Kaiser.
Paul Otto was born on 8 February 1878 and died by suicide in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He was an actor employed by the Deutsches Theater.
Augustus was a tribune and his father was Julius Caesar. His wife was Claudia and his child was Julia the Elder. His mother was Atia.
Ellen Swallow Richards was born in Dunstable on 12/03/1842. She was an English speaking environmentalist who worked for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Emperor Xuanzong of Jin was born on 18th April 1163. He was the Emperor of China and was married to Empress Minghui. He had a sibling Emperor Zhangzong of Jin and his father was Wanyan Yungong.
Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka and is a politician. He is married to Uladzislava Lutsevich, who is employed at the Litaraturny muzei Anki Kupaly. Yanka Kupala's native language is Belarusian.
Ashton Eaton, who competed in the 2016 Summer Olympics, is an athlete. He is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who was born on 18 December 1986 and weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Jennette McCurdy was born in Los Angeles on 26 June 1992. She is a voice actor and country music performer who uses the English language.
Irina Beletskaya was born in Saint Petersburg on March 10th, 1933. She graduated from Moscow State University with a Doktor Nauk in Chemistry. She is an inventor and is employed by Moscow State University.
Lamine Diack, who died in Dakar, was a competitor in athletics and held the position of chairperson. He had 15 children, including Papa Massata Diack.
Emperor Gong of Sui died on 0619-09-14. He had a father Yang Zhao, who was married to Empress Xiao and had a sister Consort Yang. Yang Zhao's wife was Wei.
Scipio Africanus's father was Publius Cornelius Scipio who was born in Ancient Rome. He was married to Pomponia and was an Ancient Roman politician. He died in action.
Heino was born in Dusseldorf on 1938-12-13. He has 2 children, a toxic diffuse goiter and a voice for a living.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Geoffroy the Philosopher was a philosopher and Anselm of Laon was a student of Bruno of Cologne. Bruno of Cologne has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio was a Roman consul in the Middle Roman Republic and died in Hispania.
George Frideric Handel was an anthem performer and an impresario. He was born in London and died in Westminster Abbey, London. His father was Georg Handel.
Jean-Marc Ayrault was born on 25 January 1950 and is a Catholic. He was a politician and held the position of Mayor of Nantes. French is his native language.
U Thant was born in Pantanaw and his religion is Buddhism. He was a diplomat and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. His father was Po Hnit.
CeeLo Green was born in Atlanta and his native language is English. He has the pseudonym of Cee Lo Green and is a member of the band Gnarls Barkley.
French speaking Brigitte Fontaine was born in Morlaix and is a poet married to Areski Belkacem. She is also known as la Libellule.
Paul Bocuse was born on 11 February 1926 and died of Parkinson's disease. He was a student of Pierre Orsi and had a son called Jerome. He was buried in the cemetery of Collonges au Mont d'Or.
Alpha Condé was born in Boké and his employer is the University of Paris. He is a writer and his notable work is Un Africain engagé: Ce que je veux pour la Guinée (engaĝita afrikano: Kion mi volas por Gvineo). He is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013.
Pierre Poivre was born in Lyon and died in Saint-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or. He was a diplomat who worked in Mauritius Island and was married to Francoise Robin.
Kevin Mitnick was born in Van Nuys High School and his place of work is Las Vegas. He is an international forum participant and his Pseudonym is Condor. He was a participant in the World Government Summit 2016.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born on 25th September 0902 and was married to Xiao Wen. He was the Emperor of China and his children included Yelu Tiande and Yelu Yaliguo.
Michael Shaw was born in Leeds and has a child called James William Shaw. He was a politician and worked in Strasbourg. He was a member of the 49th Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Jorge Alessandri was an engineer who died on 31 August 1986. He was the son of Arturo Alessandri and had a brother called Fernando. Jorge Alessandri was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his father was Nero Claudius Drusus. Germanicus was Nero Claudius Drusus' son and Antonia Minor was his wife.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and died in Rome. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder and his mother was Sextilia.
Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder and his father was Titus Flavius Sabinus. Titus was born in Rome and was an ancient Roman senator.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was married to Xiao Sagezhi and had a child Emperor Jingzong of Liao. He had a sibling Yelü Longxian and his mother was Empress Dowager Xiao. He died by homicide.
Geoffrey Arend was born in Manhattan and is a voice actor. He is an English speaker and his wife is Christina Hendricks, who starred in Scoob.
Pertinax was born in Alba and died in Rome. He was a proconsul and his wife was Flavia Titiana, the daughter of Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus.
Anton Polenec was born on 7 October 1910 and died on 30 October 2000 in Kranj. He was a partisan and had a son called Andrej.
Alison Lohman was born on 18th September 1979 and is an English speaking actor. She has 2 children and is married to Mark Neveldine.
Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs and has 2 children. She is an English speaking actor.
1877-07-20 is the date of death for Federico Errázuriz Zañartu, who was born in Santiago. He was a lawyer and held the position of deputy of Chile. His child was Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren. The cause of his death was a myocardial infarction.
Alberto Ascari was a Formula One driver who participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He died in Monza on 1955-05-26. He had a father named Antonio Ascari.
Francis Marrash was a doctor who died in 1874. He was a writer of the notable work Ghabat al-Haqq and wrote in Arabic. He had a sister named Maryana Marrash who died in Aleppo.
Giovanni Boccaccio was born in Certaldo and died of edema. He was a biographer and wrote in Latin. Benvenuto Rambaldi da Imola was his student. Italian is his native language.
Barbara Field of Work was a singer and music composer. She was known as La Dame en noir and wrote in French. She died on 1997-11-24.
Seneca was a statesperson and his students included Sotion and Papirius Fabianus. Gaius Albucius Silus was a student of Papirius Fabianus, a philosopher, who lived during the High Roman Empire.
Emperor Zhao of Han's father was Emperor Wu of Han, who was born in Chang'an and died in Chang'an. Emperor Wu of Han was married to Li Ji and had two daughters, Shiyi and Zhuyi.
Alexander Lukashenko is a politician who works in Belarus. He is married to Galina Lukashenko and has a son called Dzmitry Lukashenko. His mother is Katsiaryna Lukashenka and his language is Belarusian.
Patricio Aylwin was a lawyer who worked for the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. He had 5 children and was married to Leonor Oyarzun. He died in Providencia on 2016-04-19.
Javier Perez de Cuellar was a Spanish speaking politician and a Catholic who was the Ambassador of Peru to France. He was married to Yvette Roberts-Darricau and died of natural causes.
Alexander Lukashenko was born on 30 August 1954 and is married to Galina Lukashenko. He served in the military as a Lieutenant Colonel and was the President of Belarus. His mother was Katsiaryna Lukashenka.
Emperor An of Jin's father was Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who died in 396. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin's mother was Empress Dowager Li Lingrong. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin's sibling was Sima Tianliu. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin held the position of Emperor. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin's child was Emperor Gong of Jin.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in 362 and died in 396. He was the Emperor of China and was married to Empress Wang Fahui. He had a sibling named Sima Zhusheng. He was killed by homicide.
Baron d'Holbach was a French atheist who died in Paris. He was a salonniere and his title was Baron.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was a military man and held the position of ambassador. He was married to Carmen Gana Lopez and his siblings included Ventura Blanco Encalada. The latter was employed by the University of Chile and died in Santiago.
Sebastián Piñera was born on 1949-12-01 and his religion is Catholicism. He worked as an economist and was a senator of Chile. His father was José Piñera Carvallo and his sister was José Piñera Echenique.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was born on 21 April 1790 and died on 5 September 1876 in Santiago. He was a politician and held the position of President of Chile. His wife was Carmen Gana Lopez.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was born on 21 April 1790 and died on 5 September 1876. He was a commander in the military and held the position of ambassador. He was married to Carmen Gana Lopez.
Sebastián Piñera was born in Santiago and is a Catholic. He is a politician and has 4 children and a sibling, José Piñera Echenique. His wife is Cecilia Morel.
Ernst Mayr was a doctorate level biologist who studied evolutionary biology and was a student of Erwin Stresemann. He was an atheist and died on 2005-02-03.
Vladimir Lenin was born in Ulyanovsk and died in Bolshiye Gorki. He was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and was married to Nadezhda Krupskaya. His mother was Maria Alexandrovna Ulyanova and he died from a cerebral hemorrhage.
Antiochus III the Great is a member of the Seleucid family and his wife is Laodice II. He has two children, Antiochus IV Epiphanes and Ardys. His father was Seleucus II Callinicus.
Michel Audiard was born on 15 May 1920 in rue Brézin. He was a writer and a film screenwriter and died in Dourdan. His notable work was Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard.
Michel Audiard was born on 15th May 1920 and died on 28th July 1985. He was a journalist and his notable work was Don't Take God's Children for Wild Geese. He had a son called Jacques Audiard.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Errachidia on 25 March 1987. He is a long-distance runner and his mass is 57.0 kilograms. He has participated in the IAAF World Indoor Championships in 2012 in the men's 1500 metres.
Chuck Norris was born on 10th March 1940. He is a Taekwondo athlete and a Karate player. He has a son called Mike Norris and he is a student of Carlos Machado. He is a writer and his language is English.
Charles Lyell was a writer who worked in the field of archaeology. He was influenced by James Hutton and was a baronet. He was depicted by Sir Charles Lyell 1st Bt and wrote in English.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born on 09/01/0948. He was an aristocrat and his wife was Xiao Chuo. His child was Yelu Shuge and his sibling was Yelü Zhimo. His mother was Xiao Chuo.
Peyton Manning was born on 24 March 1976 and his native language is English. He is a voice actor and his father is Archie Manning. He has a sibling called Cooper Manning who plays American football.
Michael Bloomberg was born on 1942-02-14 in Boston. He is a businessman and worked for Salomon Brothers. He is a gun control advocate and his religion is Judaism.
Peter Abelard was born in 1079 and died in Chalon-sur-Saone. He was a philosopher and his wife was Heloïse d'Argenteuil. He studied under William of Champeaux and was buried in the tomb of Héloïse and Abélard.
Rosalind Franklin was born in England and died in Chelsea on 1958-04-16. She was a doctor of philosophy and had a student named Raymond Gosling. She was Jewish.
Coluche was a French speaking comedian who was married to Véronique Colucci. He was a member of the Restaurants du Cœur and died in a Puisseguin road crash.
Kurt Waldheim was born in Sankt Andra Wördern and died in Vienna. He was a lawyer and worked for the United Nations. He was depicted by the book Kurt Waldheim dies at 88: ex-UN chief hid Nazi past. He died of heart failure.
Sandro Botticelli was a student of Filippo Lippi, who was born in Florence and died in Spoleto. Sandro Botticelli was an architectural draftsperson.
Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo and lives in Brussels. She is a writer and worked as a member of the European Parliament. Her child, Stina Morian, was born on March 2, 1974.
Jenna Jameson was born on 04/09/1974 in Las Vegas. She is a film producer and is Jewish. She is an Italian American. Her mass is 50.0 kilograms.
Herman Melville was born in Manhattan and died in New York City. He was an English speaking essayist and a travel writer. He is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was an astronomer who worked for the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was the son of Justus Christian Felix Seidel and had a brother named Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel. He had a student named Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner and he died on 1896-08-13.
Caligula was born in Antium and died in Palatine Hill. He was a politician and held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. His father was Germanicus and his child was Agrippina the Younger.
Saddam Hussein was born in Al-Awja and died by hanging. He was a writer and was married to Samira Shahbandar. He had a son called Qusay Hussein.
Mike Oldfield was born in Reading on May 15th, 1953. He is a musician who performs ambient music and plays the electric guitar. Mike Oldfield is a native English speaker.
Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and his mother was Julia Domna. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his father was Septimius Severus, who was married to Paccia Marciana. Geta was Julia Domna's son.
Kjetil Andre Aamodt was born in Oslo on 2 September 1971. He is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and an alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics. He weighs 85 kg.
Mike Oldfield was born on 15th May 1953. He is a pop rock musician and plays the tubular bel. He has a sister called Sally Oldfield and is a member of The Sallyangie.
Adolf Butenandt was born on 24 March 1903 and died on 18 January 1995. He was a university teacher and worked at the University of Tübingen. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Ludwig Erhard was born in Fürth and died in Bonn. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and worked as the Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft. He was employed by the University of Bonn and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Moliere was a stage actor who died in Paris. He was married to Armande Béjart, who had a child named Esprit-Madeleine Poquelin. Armande Béjart died on 1700-11-30. Moliere was buried in the Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris.
Ludwig Erhard was a German national who worked as a member of the German Bundestag. He was employed by the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and had one child. He died in Bonn.
Ludwig Erhard was born on 1897-02-04 and died of a heart failure in Bonn. He was a member of the German Bundestag and a Lutheran. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Moliere was born in Paris and died in the Museum of French Monuments. He was a stage actor and was married to Armande Béjart. Armande Béjart was born in 1642 and died in Paris. She held the position of the Sociétaire of the Comédie-Française.
Manuel Bulnes was born in Concepción and died on 1866-10-18. He was a member of the military and held the position of President of Chile. He was a Catholic and his wife was Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia.
James Brown was born in Barnwell and died in Atlanta on 25th December 2006. He was a singer-songwriter and played the organ. He was married to Deidre Jenkins and ended his career in 2006.
Rosa Luxemburg was born in Zamość and died in Berlin. She was a doctor of juridical science and was an editor. She was a member of the Spartacus League and was an atheist. She was buried at the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Emperor Wu of Jin has 10 children, 2 of which are princesses. His wife is Wang Yuanji and his father is Sima Zhao. His children include Sima Hui, Emperor Hui of Jin, and his two princesses, Xingyang and Yangping.
Franck Ribéry was born on 7th April 1983 in Boulogne-sur-Mer. He is a footballer and has played for the 2017-18 Bundesliga season. He is a Muslim and weighs 72.0 kilograms.
2008 Summer Olympic Games - men's doubles tennis participant Novak Djokovic has a sibling named Djordje Djokovic. He also has a father named Srdjan Djokovic and a religion called the Serbian Orthodox Church. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He has had COVID-19.
James Cook was a botanist who worked for the Wereldmuseum Rotterdam. He was an Englishman who had a son named George. He died on 1779-02-14 of homicide.
Marlene Dietrich was a TV actor who worked in Berlin. He was married to Rudolf Sieber and owned the Marlene Dietrich collection. He died on May 6, 1992 of natural causes. Jean Gabin was his unmarried partner.
Ada Lovelace was born in London and died in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene Hucknall. She was married to William King-Noel, 1st Earl of Lovelace. She was a writer and worked for the University of Cambridge. Her native language was English. She had a son named Ralph King-Milbanke, 2nd Earl of Lovelace.
Andrei Tarkovsky was born on 1932-04-04. He was a film editor and died of lung cancer on 1986-12-28. He was an Eastern Orthodox Christian and his most notable work was The Mirror.
Emperor Aizong of Jin was born on 25th September 1198. He was married to Empress Tudan and his father was Emperor Xuanzong of Jin. He was the Emperor of China and he died by hanging. He was a suicidal person and his mother was Empress Minghui.
Bob Marley was a Latin Church member and English speaker who played the guitar. He was the father of Julian Marley and had a mother named Cedella Booker. He died on 1981-04-11 and was buried in Nine Mile.
George W. Bush was born in New Haven and his occupation was as a statesperson. He was a senior lieutenant in the military and his wife was Laura Bush. His child was Jenna Bush Hager and his father was George H. W. Bush. His sibling was Neil Bush.
Ernst Mielck was a composer who studied under Max Bruch. Max Bruch was a violinist who performed opera and was a student of Ottorino Respighi. He was employed by the Berlin University of the Arts and died in Friedenau.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born on March 2, 1931 in Wheeling. She was a computer scientist who was influenced by Douglas Engelbart. He was the creator of the graphical user interface and died of natural causes.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born on March 2, 1931 in Wheeling. She was a computer scientist who was influenced by Douglas Engelbart. Her field of work was computer science. Douglas Engelbart was a notable worker in the field of human-computer interaction and died in Atherton.
Philippe Pétain was a second lieutenant in the military and a member of the Catholic Church. He was married to Annie Pétain and had a mother called Clotilde Legrand. He was sentenced to the indignité nationale and died on 1951-07-23. Philippe Pétain's archives are at the Archives nationales.
Lech Kaczyński was a Polish national and a member of the Polish ethnic group. He was a trade unionist who worked in Warsaw. He was the son of Jadwiga Kaczyńska and had the Godparent, Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski. He died in an aviation accident.
Cosimo Tura was born in 1430 and died in 1495 in Ferrara. He was a painter and his most notable work is the Christ Crucified. He has works in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Allen Ginsberg was born in Newark and died in East Village. He was a poet and wrote in English. He was a member of the Jewish people and his works are in the collection of the New York Public Library and the Photography Collection of the New York Public Library. Allen Ginsberg's archives are at the Louis Round Wilson Library.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau was born in Geneva and died in the Panthéon. He was a musicologist and worked in botany. His father was Isaac Rousseau and his works are in the collection of the National Museum. Jean-Jacques Rousseau's place of work was the University of Toronto Archives & Records Management Services.
José Rizal was a writer who was born in Manila and died in Manila. He was a member of the Latin Church and was killed by capital punishment. His father was Francisco Mercado and his mother was Teodora Alonzo. He was known by the pseudonym Laón Laang.
Bill Clinton was born in the United States and his native language is English. He was a lawyer and Governor of Arkansas. He has a medical condition called Angina Pectoris and his blood type is AB. He has a father called William Jefferson Blythe Jr. and he was a participant in the Crypto Bahamas 2022.
1970-11-09 is the date of death for Charles de Gaulle, who was the president of the Provisional Government of the French Republic. He was different from Charles III and his work was located in France. He had a sibling called Jacques de Gaulle and a child called Philippe de Gaulle. He had worked for the NIOD Institute for War Holocaust and Genocide Studies.
Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau and died on 31 May 1809. He was a pianist and string quartet performer who was a conductor. His most notable work was the Symphony No 100. His father was Mathias Haydn.
Frank Lloyd Wright was an urban planner who died of surgical complications. He was the father of John Lloyd Wright and was different from Lloyd Wright. He had works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria and his most notable work was the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church.
Abraham Lincoln was a farmer who worked in Washington D.C. He had 4 children, one of which was Edward Baker Lincoln. He was the son of Thomas Lincoln and is depicted by Lincoln. One of his notable works was the Gettysburg address.
Antonio Vivaldi was born on 4 March 1678 and died in Vienna. He was a music teacher and held the position of kapellmeister. He played the viola d'amore and his musical genre was chamber music. He was employed by the Ospedale della Pietà.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Bavaria and his father was Gustav Schwarzenegger. He is a film director and his notable work is Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines. He has a sibling named Meinhard Schwarzenegger and his child is Joseph Baena. He has the pseudonym of Arnold Strong and his native language is Bavarian.
Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala Cathedral Assembly and died in Färö begravningsplats. He was a playwright and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay. The Seventh Seal is one of his notable works. He is different from Ingrid Bergman.
Ingmar Bergman was born in Sweden and his father was Erik Bergman. He was an actor and his wife was Ellen Bergman. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay. He has a child named Eva Bergman and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Jacob Grimm was born in Hanau on 1785-07-11. He worked as a secretary of the legation and was employed by Frederick William University. He lived in Göttingen and died in Berlin. He had a sibling named Wilhelm Grimm.
Le Corbusier was a famous architect and his works are in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery. He was a brutalist and his most notable work is Notre Dame du Haut. He was a photographer and his father was Georges-Édouard Jeanneret. He died of a myocardial infarction.
Margaret Thatcher was a British English writer who was a scientist and held the position of Chancellor of the College of William and Mary. She was married to Denis Thatcher and had a son named Mark Thatcher. She died from transient cerebral isolation and was buried at the Royal Hospital Chelsea.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and his native language was Early Modern English. He was a playwright and his wife was Anne Hathaway. His child was Hamnet Shakespeare and his mother was Mary Shakespeare. The Tempest is a notable work by William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and his native language is Early Modern English. He was a poet and his notable work is The Two Noble Kinsmen. His father was John Shakespeare and his child was Judith Quiney. William Shakespeare's genre is English Renaissance theatre.
Serge Gainsbourg was a jazz musician who died of a myocardial infarction on 2 March 1991. He was known as Julien Gris and was the brother of Liliane Gainsbourg. He was buried at the Montparnasse Cemetery.
Naguib Mahfouz was born on 11-12-1911 and died in 2004. He was an Egyptian and a screenwriter who was influenced by Marcel Proust. He has two children. One of his notable works is Arabian Nights and Days.
Miley Cyrus is a singer-songwriter who performs hip hop music. She is a native English speaker and is influenced by Timbaland. She is a vegan and is currently unmarried to Lucas Till. She plays electric guitar.
Charlie Chaplin was an actor who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He had 11 children, one of which was Sydney Chaplin. He had a sibling named Wheeler Dryden. He lived in Manoir de Ban and died of a cerebral hemorrhage.
Alessandro Manzoni was a Catholic and a senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia. He was a poet and his notable work was historio de la kolono infama. He was influenced by Augustin Thierry and his wife was Teresa Borri. He wrote in French.
August Strindberg was born in Sweden and died in Stockholm. He was influenced by Emmanuel Swedenborg and his pseudonym was Härved Ulf. He had a sister called Elisabeth Strindberg and his father was Carl Oscar Strindberg. August Strindberg has works in the Nationalmuseum.
John Lennon was born on 10/09/1940. He was a singer and performed hard rock. He was a member of Lennon-McCartney and was a musician in the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia collection. He was known as Dr. Winston O'Boogie and was buried in Central Park.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born in Porbandar and died in the Gandhi Smriti. He was a vegetarian and his religion was Hinduism. He was an essayist and his notable work was Satyagraha. His mother was Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi.
John Paul II was a Roman poet who worked as a Titular Bishop. He was a participant in the Apostolic Journey of John Paul II to Greece, Syria and Malta. He died of natural causes.
Napoleon was born in Corsica and was a Catholic. He was married to Marie Louise I Duchess of Parma and had a child called Napoleon II. He was also the brother of Louis Bonaparte and had an unmarried partner called Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg. Napoleon's works are in the collection of the Charents Museum of Literature and Arts.
Katsushika Hokusai was a Kasei culture artist who lived in Edo. He was a student of Katsukawa Shunshō and his notable work is Oceans of Wisdom. He has works in the collection of Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art and was a participant in the documenta 12.
Gustave Doré was born on 6 January 1833 and is a French national. He was a painter and worked for Le Charivari. He was a Symbolist and one of his notable works is Andromeda.
Pablo Picasso was born on 25 October 1881 in Malaga. He was a jeweller and an animal artist who was influenced by Henri Rousseau. He has works in the Metropolitan Museum of Art and was a participant in the Jewelry by Contemporary Painters and Sculptors.
Ruzi Ying held the position of Emperor of China.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Ante Bilobrk was born on the 3rd April 1919 and died on the 26th June 1943.
Charlemagne was a monarch and a sovereign.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Fulcher of Chartres was born in Chartres and died in Jerusalem.
Chen Yu-chie is a university teacher and a chemist.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and makes a living as a composer.
Francesco Ubertini, who was a painter, died in Florence.
Béroul is a writer and a poet.
John Gilbert is a film editor and a screenwriter.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and is blind.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and is blind.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a biochemist and a geneticist.
Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kyiv and died in Moscow.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born in Toulouse and makes a living as a troubadour.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and was an ancient Roman senator.
Emperor Daozong of Liao's father was Emperor Xingzong of Liao, who in turn, had Emperor Shengzong of Liao for a father.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and was an ancient Roman senator.
Florencia de Saracho was born on the 4th of December 1981 and is a TV actor.
Quintus Curtius Rufus is a writer who produced the work "Histories of Alexander the Great".
Folquet de Marselha is a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
George Zorab was born in 1898 and is a Parapsychologist.
Emperor Houshao of Han's father was Emperor Hui of Han, who had Empress Lü Zhi for a mother.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and his employer is the University of Ljubljana.
Richard Holmes was born in London and makes a living as a writer.
Hazel Bishop was a chemist who died in Rye.
Jana Senkova was born in Sternberk and weighs 73.0 kilograms.
Marie de France is a translator of medieval poetry.
Eugen Polanski is a footballer who weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Piet Roozenburg was born in Rotterdam and makes a living as a draughts player.
Stefanie Heinzmann is a singer whose musical genre is crossover jazz.
Jeremy Menez was born in Longjumeau and plays for the football team, Jérémy Ménez.
Craig Barron, who was born in Berkeley, was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Emperor Huizong of Song, whose father was Emperor Shenzong of Song, is a Taoist.
Lambert of Ardres was born in 1160 and is a member of the Catholic Church.
Jeremy Menez was born on 7th May 1987 and plays for the football team.
Gilles de Paris, who died in 1224, wrote in Latin.
Craig Barron was born on 6th April 1961 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Bartolomeo Coghetto was a painter who died in Treviso.
Kellie Wells was born on July 16th, 1982 and is an athlete.
Klaus Störtebeker was born in Wismar and died in Hamburg.
Lashinda Demus was born in Inglewood and is a hurdler.
Steffen Wöller was born in Erfurt and weighs 74.0 kilograms.
Jérémy Toulalan is a football player who was in the 2010 World Cup.
Hatem Ben Arfa, who played for the club A.S.Lyon-Duchère, is a footballer who was in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Bjorn Otto is a pole vaulter and an athlete.
Steffen Wöller was born on 10th September 1972 and his occupation is a luger.
Emperor Huanzong of Western Xia was born in 1177 and died in 1206.
Mariya Savinova is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Andreas Capellanus, a writer, was a member of the Catholic Church and died in 1220.
Mitchell Watt was born on 25 March 1988 and is an athlete and competitor.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in Guinkirchen and died in 1925. He was a dipterologist.
Isaac Brock was born in the Bailiwick of Guernsey and died in Fort George. He was a military officer.
José María Ventura Casas was born on 2 February 1817 and has one child. He is a composer.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born in Sheffield, has a mass of 57.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Carmelita Jeter was born in Los Angeles and has a mass of 50.0 kilograms. She ended her career in 2017.
Jon Abrahams was born on 29 October 1977 and is a film director who uses the English language.
Erik Kynard was born on 3 February 1991 and is a high jumper who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Karen Wetterhahn was born in Plattsburgh on October 16th, 1948. She is a chemist.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born on 26 February 1985, has a mass of 62.0 kilograms and was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ivan Regen was born in Gorenja Vas and is a biologist who works in bioacoustics.
Horace was born in Venosa and studied under the philosopher Cratippus of Pergamon.
Ivan Regen was born on 1868-12-09. He was an entomologist and worked in bioacoustics.
Dennis Lawrence was born on 1 August 1974 and is a footballer.
Mathieu Debuchy was born on 28 July 1985 in Fretin and played for the French national football team in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Robert Grabarz was born in Enfield and is an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Alou Diarra was born in Villepinte, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms and played in the 2012 UEFA Euro.
Chloë Grace Moretz was born in Atlanta and is a native English speaker. She uses the English language in her writing.
Maciej Zieliński is a member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland and a participant in the EuroBasket 1991. He is also a basketball player.
Raphael was born in Urbino and died in the Pantheon. He was an architect.
Anthony Sweijs was born in Amsterdam and died in Rotterdam. He was a shooter.
1812-02-18 born James K Gibson was a politician who worked as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon, born on 1967-09-14, is an atheist and his employer is the University of Trier.
Sidney Govou was born in Le Puy-en-Velay and is a professional football player who was in the 2010 World Cup.
Denny Hulme was born on 18th June 1936 and died at the Mount Panorama Circuit. He was a Formula One driver.
Vince Glándulas was born in Richmond and is a TV producer who worked on Breaking Bad.
José Joaquín Prieto was a senator of Chile and a member of the military. He died in Santiago.
José Joaquín Prieto was born in Concepción and died in Santiago. He was a Catholic.
Norma Stitz was born on 22nd December 1956, has brown eyes and has the medical condition of hypertrophy of breast.
Mack Wilberg was born in Price and is a conductor who works for Brigham Young University.
Primož Kozmus was born in Novo Mesto and competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Darshan Ranganathan was born in Delhi, worked in Kanpur and died on 2001-06-04.
Dean Ho, who died on 2021-02-20, was an amateur wrestler who ended his career in 1983.
Jim Clark, born on 1936-03-04, is a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans and an auto racing sport.
Rodger Bumpass is a singer who was born in English speaking United States and is the creator of SpongeBob SquarePants.
Keshorn Walcott was born on 2 April 1993 and is an athlete who competed in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Hippocrates was a student of Democritus, who in turn was a student of Leucippus, a philosopher.
100 metres men's participant, Justin Gatlin, was born in Brooklyn, on 10th February 1982.
Hansle Parchment was born in Saint Thomas Parish and is a hurdler who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Georgina Cassar was born in Welwyn Garden City and competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of artistic gymnastics.
Hélinand of Froidmont is a monk who works for the University of Toulouse and uses the Latin language.
Manfred Gerlach, a jurist, died in Berlin on 2011-10-17.
David Cairns was born on 7 August 1966 and died on 9 May 2011. He was a Latin Catholic priest.
Maxine Singer is a biologist who worked for the National Cancer Institute in the field of molecular biology.
Greg Rutherford is a long jumper and an athlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ken Jennings was born on 23 May 1974 and is a blogger and informatician.
Galileo Galilei was born in Pisa and died in Arcetri. He was a university teacher.
Alessandro Del Piero was born on 9 November 1974, has a mass of 73.0 kgs and was a participant in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Louis Blériot was born in Cambrai and died of a myocardial infarction. He was an engineer.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes and is a urologist. He studied under Peter Musandinus and is different from Gilles de Paris.
Qin Shi Huangdi's father was King Zhuangxiang of Qin. King Zhuangxiang of Qin was married to Queen Dowager Zhao and his child was Ziying. King Zhuangxiang of Qin's mother was Xia Ji.
Sigfrid Edström was born on 21 November 1870 and died on 18 March 1964 in Stockholm. He was an athlete.
Anja Pärson was born in Tärna and is a member of the Sámi people. She is 81.0 kg and participated in the alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics – women's downhill.
Louis XI of France was born in Bourges and his father was Charles VII of France. His mother was Marie of Anjou and his child was Joachim de Valois.
José Joaquín Pérez was born on 6 May 1801 and worked in Santiago. He was a politician and held the position of deputy of Chile.
Eugenio Calabi was born on 11 May 1923 and is a mathematician. He lives in Saint Paul and uses the Italian language.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle was born on 24 June 1942 and his occupation was an engineer. He was a senator for life and his mother was Maria Ruiz-Tagle.
Eugenio Calabi was born in Milan and studied at the University of Minnesota in Saint Paul. He wrote in Italian.
Jorge Montt was born in Casablanca and died in Santiago. He was an Admiral and his wife was Leonor Frederick Ledesma.
Federico Gamboa was born on 22nd December 1864 and died in 1939. He was a politician and held the position of Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
Allen Sheppard was a politician who was a member of the House of Lords. He was married to Peggy Damaris Jones and died on 25th March 2015.
Warren Weir was born on 31 October 1989 in Trelawny Parish. He is 71.0 kg in mass and participated in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the men's 4 x 100 metres relay.
Kathleen Lonsdale, who died of cancer, was a crystallographer who worked for the Royal Institution. Her archives are located at the University College in London.
Eddy Ottoz is a native Italian speaker and a hurdler who weighs 67.0 kilograms. He is related to Sandro Calvesi.
Piero di Cosimo was born in Florence, where the painter Cosimo Rosselli died. Fra Bartolomeo was a student of Cosimo Rosselli.
Anna Faris, who is married to Michael Barrett and has 2 children, was born in England and has a sibling called Robert Faris.
Antoninus Pius was born in Lanuvium and died in Lorium. He was an Ancient Roman senator and his child was Aurelia Fadilla.
Ramón Freire was born on 29 November 1787 and died in Santiago. He was a military man and had a son called Francisco Freire Caldera.
Marcel Hirscher was born in Hallein on 2 March 1989. He is a participant in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Willi Stoph was born on 09 July 1914 and died in Berlin. He was a politician and held the position of member of the Volkskammer.
Charles Martel, who died in Quierzy, was married to Rotrude of Trier. He had a son, Hieronymus, and a father, Pepin of Herstal.
Bronzino was a student of Pontormo, who died on 1557-01-02. Bronzino died in Florence, where Piero di Cosimo was born.
Mo Farah is a long-distance runner and an athlete who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a Muslim.
Rurik has a son called Igor of Kiev who is married to Olga of Kiev. Uleb Igorevich, who died in 971, has Olga of Kiev for a mother.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was born on 27 December 1858 and died in Santiago. He was the deputy of Chile and was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Emperor Mu of Jin, who died in 361, was Emperor of China and a member of the House of Sima. His father was Emperor Kang of Jin.
John Hamilton, who was a member of the House of Lords, was married to Margaret Lyon and had a child called Lady Jean Hamilton. His sibling was Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley.
Emperor Ningzong of Song, who held the position of Emperor of China, was the son of Emperor Guangzong of Song. Princess Hezheng and Princess Wen'an were both children of Emperor Guangzong of Song.
John Romita Jr was born in Brooklyn on 1956-08-17. He is a comic artist and has worked on the Uncanny X-Men.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and his occupation is a comic artist. His father is John Romita Sr. and one of his notable works is Iron Man.
John Romita Jr was born in Brooklyn on 1956-08-17. He is a comic artist and has worked on the Uncanny X-Men.
John Hamilton was born in 1537 and was a politician who held a position in the House of Lords. Edward Hamilton was his son.
Peter Kropotkin was born in Moscow and died on 8 February 1921 of natural causes. He was a politician.
Graham Hill was born in Hampstead and died in an aviation accident. He was a professional racing car driver.
Horst Kohler, who has 2 children, is a Lutheran and was the secretary of state from Germany. He was a participant in the 2009 German presidential election.
Emperor Ming of Jin was born on 299 and is a member of the House of Sima. He has a son called Emperor Cheng of Jin and a sister called Sima Xi.
Paul Otto was born on 8 February 1878 and died on 30 November 1943. He was a film actor and his native language was German.
Bode Miller, who weighs 91.0 kilograms, is an autobiographer and alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born on 341 and died on 365-03-30. He was a member of the House of Sima and his mother was Consort Zhou.
Mervyn Peake was born in Lianxi District and died of a neurological disorder. He was an illustrator and his archives are at the British Library.
Ashton Eaton was born in Portland and is a combined track and field event athlete. He competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ashton Eaton, who retired in 2017, was a combined track and field event athlete. He was a member of the athletics team and his mass is 82.0 kilograms.
Ashton Eaton was born in Portland and is a member of the athletics club. His wife is Brianne Theisen-Eaton who was a participant in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Miep Gies was born in Vienna and died in Hoorn. He was a resistance fighter and died of a disease.
Jimmy Kimmel was born on November 13th, 1967. He is an unmarried partner of Sarah Silverman, a Catholic. Jimmy Kimmel has narcolepsy.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio was the Roman governor and died in the Iberian Peninsula.
Yang Tong's father was Yang Zhao, who died of poisoning, on 606. Yang Tong's mother is Empress Dowager Liu.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus was the brother of Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was a noble.
Yang Tong is a member of the Sui dynasty and his father is Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao was an aristocrat and his sister was Consort Yang.
Juan Antonio Rios was born on 10 November 1888 and died in Santiago. He was the Minister of the Interior of Chile and died of cancer.
Stefan Raab was born on 20 October 1966. He is an entertainer and plays the upright piano. He has held the position of the Eurovision Song Contest conductor.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in 1145. He is a writer and his field of work is poetry. He is married to Bertrand I of Baux and his mother is Tiburge of Orange.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in Orange and died in 1182. He was a writer and a poet and his father was William of Aumelas.
Alessandro Volta was born in Como and died in the same place. He was married to Teresa Peregrini. He was an academic and wrote in Italian.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and his child is Andrej Gogala. He is an entomologist and his employer is the University of Ljubljana.
Francisco Antonio Pinto was a diplomat and held the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs of Chile. He had 3 children, Anibal Pinto and died in 1858.
Sara Simeoni was born in Italy and is married to Erminio Azzaro. She is a standard bearer and was a participant in the 1974 European Athletics Championships – women's high jump. She weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Lyricist and poet Brigitte Fontaine, aka la Libellule, was born in Morlaix and is married to Areski Belkacem.
Antiochus III the Great, a member of the Seleucid family, has a son called Antiochus IV Epiphanes. Antiochus IV Epiphanes has a mother called Laodice III, who has Mithridates II of Pontus for a father.
Agnes Pockels was a chemist who died on 21 November 1935 in Brunswick. Her brother was Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, who worked in Heidelberg.
1898-11-22 born Gabriel Gonzáles Videla was a Chilean President and a diplomat. He worked in Santiago and died on 1980-08-22.
Italo Balbo was born in Quartesana in 1896. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and his academic degree was the laurea. He died in action.
Anne Frank was born in Frankfurt am Main and was a diarist. She was part of the Canon of Dutch Literature in 2002 and wrote Tales from the Secret Annex. Her sister was Eva Schloss.
Eric Banas was born in Melbourne on 08/09/1968. He is an actor and auto racer who has starred in Romulus My Father.
Denis Diderot was born in Langres and died in Paris. He was a translator and his father was Didier Diderot. Denis Diderot is buried in Saint-Roch.
Kevin Mitnick, who has the pseudonym Brian Merrill, is a social engineer and has worked at the World Government Summit 2016. He is the author of the book Freedom Downtime.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce was born in Kingston on 27 December 1986. She is a professional sprinter and her nickname is Pocket Rocket. She was a participant in the 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan was born in Cervelló and died on 1988-06-10. He worked in Madrid and held the position of Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria. He was married to Antònia Macià i Gómez.
Frank Herbert was born on 8 October 1920 and died of pancreatic cancer. He was a prosaist and was married to Theresa Diane Shackelford.
Italo Balbo was born on 6 June 1896 and died in a car accident on 28 June 1940. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and served in the military.
Emperor Shizong of Liao is a member of the Liao dynasty and his family includes Yelü Bei, Yelü Louguo and Yelü Houabu. His mother is Empress Dowager Xiao.
Aristotle was a biologist and a philosopher of language. He was a student of Plato and a member of the peripatetic school. He died in Stageira.
Georges Brassens was a pianist and writer who died of cancer on 29 October 1981. He ended his career in 1981.
Alison Lohman was born in Palm Springs on the 18th of September 1979. She is a native English speaker and a stage actor. She was born in Palm Springs on the 18th of September 1979.
Jonathan Winters was born on November 11th, 1925. He was a painter and had 2 children. He was from the United States and died on April 11th, 2013.
Christina Obergföll was born on 22 August 1981 and is married to Boris Obergföll. She is an athlete who competed in the 2016 Olympic Games in the sport of athletics.
Georges Brassens was a chansonnier who died of cancer. He was born in France and is buried in the Sete (Le Py) Cemetery.
Nicolas Anelka was born in Le Chesnay and his mass is 80.0 kilograms. He is an international forum participant and his employer is Mumbai City FC. He was a participant in the Middle East and Africa Summit 2020.
Zach Gilford was born on January 14, 1982 in Evanston. He is a film actor and his native language is English. Kiele Sanchez is the writer of his film.
Emperor Gong of Song was born on 1240-05-02. He was the son of Emperor Duzong of Song, who was born on 1240-05-02. Emperor Duzong of Song was the Crown Prince of Song and his wife was Wang Qinghui. Zhao Huang was the son of Emperor Duzong of Song.
Buddy Holly was a songwriter and violin player who performed rockabilly music. He died in Clear Lake in 1959.
Emperor Wu of Han was born in Chang'an and died in Chang'an. He was married to Lady Wang and his father was Emperor Jing of Han. Liu Dan was his son.
Zinedine Zidane was born on 23 June 1972 and is a Muslim. He was a footballer and manager who worked for UNICEF and played in the 2006 World Cup.
Caracalla was an Ancient Roman senator and his mother was Julia Domna. Septimius Severus was married to Julia Domna and his child was Septimia Minor. Septimius Severus was born in Leptis Magna.
Heinrich Lübke was born on 1894-10-14 and died in the Friedhof Enkhausen. He was a member of the German Bundestag and his military rank was Captain. German was his native language.
Georges Pompidou was a politician who worked in Paris. He was the son of Leon Pompidou and was buried in Orvilliers.
Stephen Harper is a politician who plays the piano. He is a member of the Conservative Party of Canada and worked in Ottawa. He was a participant in the FII 6th Edition in Riyadh.
Tony Garnier was born on 13th August 1869. He was a student of Paul Blondel and Jean Cateland. He was an urban planner and his notable work was the Matmut Stadium.
Stephen Harper is a politician who worked in Ottawa. He plays the piano and was a participant in FII 5th Edition in Riyadh. He held the position of a member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Louis de Funès was born in Courbevoie and died in Le Cellier. He was a stage actor and played the piano. His wife was Jeanne de Funes.
Yuri Gagarin was a Colonel and an astronaut who was killed in an aviation accident. He was buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis and was commemorated by a bust of Yuri Gagarin Irakleio.
Emperor Bing of Song was born in Shaoxing and was a ruler. His father was Emperor Duzong of Song and his wife was Empress Dowager Yang. Zhao Zhuo was the child of Emperor Duzong of Song.
Arturo Alessandri was a lawyer who worked as the Chilean Minister of Finance. He was born in Santiago and died in the Santiago General Cemetery. He had a son named Hernán and a brother named José Pedro.
Emma P. Carr was born in Holmesville and died in Evanston. She was a chemist who worked for Mount Holyoke College.
Gustav Mahler was a Jewish classical composer who was born in Austria. He had a daughter named Anna and his mother was Marie Herrmann. One of his most notable works was the Symphony No. 8.
Daniel Craig was born on 2 March 1968 and is a stage actor. He is a member of the Anglican religion and his mother is Carol Olivia Williams. He was nominated for the Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao's father was Emperor Jingzong of Liao, who was married to Mou Shi and had Yelu Zhengge for a son. Yelu Guanyin was Emperor Jingzong of Liao's sibling and he held the position of Emperor of China.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who has the pseudonym Allegoriowitsch, is a philosopher and art historian who worked for ETH Zurich. He is now employed by the University Archives at ETH Zurich.
Daniel Craig is a film actor who has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Narrator. He is married to Heike Makatsch and has a child called Grace. Daniel Craig is a native English speaker.
German speaking journalist Theodor Heuss, who worked in Bonn, is a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction. He is the brother of Hermann Heuss and has a mother named Elisabeth Heuss.
Matthew Kneale was born on 24 November 1960 and was a finalist for the Booker Prize. He has a sister called Tacy Kneale and his father is Nigel Kneale. His mother is Judith Kerr and his relative is Robert Weismann.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Anselm of Laon was born in Laon in 1050 and his student was Bruno of Cologne.
Emperor Kang of Jin, who died on 17 March 1344, was the Emperor of China. He was married to Empress Chu Suanzi and had a son Emperor Mu of Jin. His mother was Empress Yu Wenjun and his sister was Emperor Cheng of Jin.
Andre Agassi is a tennis player who was in the 1992 Davis Cup. He is a businessman who weighs 74.0 kilograms. He has a child named Jaz Elle Agassi and his wife is Brooke Shields.
Alfred Jarry was a French writer and a critic who died in Paris of tuberculosis. He was a member of the National Gallery of Art.
Emperor Wen of Sui was married to Lady of the fishies and had a child called Princess Xiangguo.
Totò was a comedian who died in Rome from a myocardial infarction. He was buried in the Cemetery of Santa Maria del Pianto. He had chorioretinitis.
Emperor Taizu of Liao was born on 25th September 0902 and is a member of the Liao dynasty. He has a wife called Xiao Shi and a child called Yelü Bei. His mother is Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin.
Jonny Lee Miller was born on November 15th, 1972 in Kingston upon Thames. He is married to Angelina Jolie and has 2 children. He is a writer and his language is English. His mother is Anne Gladys Lee.
Alfred Jarry was born on 8th October 1873. He was a performer and a poet who had the notable work Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll Pataphysician. He died of tuberculosis and his works are in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Luigi Einaudi was born in Carrù and lives in Rome. He is a journalist and held the position of Governor of the Banca d'Italia. His child is Giulio Einaudi and his native language is Italian.
Plato was a writer and a student of Theodoros of Cyrene. He was a member of the Platonism movement and his father was Ariston of Athens. Ariston of Athens was a prominent figure in the classical antiquity and his son was Glaucon.
Alexander Severus was born in Lugdunum and his father was Caracalla. He was a Roman emperor and his mother was Julia Avita Mamaea. Caracalla's father was Septimius Severus and his child was Geta.
Giuseppe Saragat was born in Turin on 19 September 1898. He was a politician and served in the Italian military as a Lieutenant. He was the Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy and his native language was Italian.
David Cameron, who is a member of the Anglican Church, was born in London. He has a sister called Alexander Cameron and a daughter called Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron. He worked as an international forum participant and was the Leader of the Opposition.
Albert II of Belgium, who retired on 21 July 2013, was the King of the Belgians. He was succeeded by Baudouin I of Belgium. Albert II of Belgium's Anthem is The Brabançonne. Albert II of Belgium's title is King of the Belgians. Albert II of Belgium's child is Prince Laurent of Belgium.
Gustav Heinemann was born on 23 July 1899 and died in Essen. He was a theologian and held the position of a member of the German Bundestag. He was affiliated with the SPD Bundestag fraction and had a daughter called Christa Delius.
Steve Mandanda is a French speaking football player who was in the Ligue 1 in the 2011-2012 season. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms and has played for the sport of football. He has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 Ligue 1 season. Steve Mandanda has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 Ligue 1 season. He has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 Ligue 1 season. Steve Mandanda has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 Ligue 1 season. He has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 Ligue 1 season. Steve Mandanda has also been a participant in the 2011-2012 L
Neil Armstrong was born in English and worked for the University of Cincinnati. He was a space explorer and was a member of the Star Trek: The Original Series Core Game Book. He was also in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. He died in Cincinnati.
Trajan was a politician who was a member of the High Roman Empire. He was a part of the group of the Five Good Emperors and died of apoplexy in Cilicia. He is buried in the Trajan's Column.
1706-12-17 born Émilie du Châtelet, who died 1749-09-10, was a student of Alexis Clairaut. She was the wife of Jean François de Saint-Lambert and the mother of Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet. Émilie du Châtelet's archives are located at Haute-Marne.
Ludwig Erhard was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and worked as an economist in Bonn. He had one child and was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born on 09/09/1918 and died on 29/01/2012. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and his occupation was a lawyer. He was a Catholic and his child was Marianna Scalfaro.
Memphis Depay was born in Moordrecht and his mass is 74.0 kilograms. He is a singer and plays football for the Ligue 1.
Rosa Luxemburg was born on 25 December 1870 in Zamość. She was an economist who worked in Warsaw. She was buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde and died in Berlin.
Richard von Weizsäcker was born on 15 April 1920 in New Palace. He graduated from university with a doctorate and served as a Captain in the military. He was the President of Germany. His sibling was Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker.
Giacomo Puccini was born on 22nd December 1858 and died of natural causes. He was an opera performer and studied under Amilcare Ponchielli. He has works in the collection of the New York Public Library for the performing arts and his father was Michele Puccini.
Isabella I Queen of Armenia has a child called Sibylla of Armenia and her mother is Sibylla of Lusignan. The Princess of Armenia is called Isabella and her father is Hethum I. She is a member of the Hethumids family and has a sister called Sibylla of Armenia. The Princess of Armenia is a noble title.
Manuel Bulnes was born in Concepción and died in Santiago. He was a politician and a senator of Chile. He was a Marshal in the military. Manuel Bulnes Pinto is his son.
Walter Scheel is a German speaking politician who has 3 children. He worked at the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development as a senior lieutenant.
Bruno Mars is a songwriter and performer of the musical genre, Contemporary R&B. He is influenced by Michael Jackson and has a sibling called Eric Hernandez. He is named after Bruno Sammartino and his mother is Bernadette San Pedro Bayot.
Germán Riesco is a lawyer and is married to María Errázuriz. Jorge Riesco Errázuriz is his sibling. María Errázuriz was born in Santiago and has a son called Germán Ignacio Riesco. Eulogia Echaurren is the mother of María Errázuriz.
Snoop Dogg was born in Long Beach and his religion is Rastafari. He is a funk musician and his pen name is Bigg Snoop Dogg. He is a tv actor and his language is English.
Louis Aragon was a French speaking Dada Movement member and historian. He was known as Témoin des martyrs and was a Nobel Prize in Literature nominee. He died on 1982-12-24.
Ferdinand Marcos was born on 11/09/1917 and died in Byodo-In. He was a politician and worked as a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines. He had a child named Irene Marcos-Araneta and a sister named Fortuna Marcos-Barba.
Louis Aragon was a French speaking writer who was married to Elsa Triolet. He was a Nobel Prize nominee and died on 1982-12-24 in Moulin de Villeneuve.
Ferdinand Marcos was born on 11/09/1917 and died on 09/28/1989. He was a lawyer and held the position of Prime Minister of the Philippines. He was known as Apo Lakay and was different from Fernando Marcos.
Jean-François Champollion is a university teacher who worked with Egyptian hieroglyphs. He was employed by Grenoble Alpes University and had a student named Karl Richard Lepsius. His father was Jacques Champollion and his sister was Marie Champollion.
Marlene Dietrich was born on 27 December 1901 and was a German national. She was a musical saw player and an entertainer. Georg Hugo Will was a relative and John F Kennedy was her unmarried partner.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a biochemist who worked in Oxford. She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and died on 29 July 1994. She was the daughter of John Winter Crowfoot and had a sister called Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot.
Richard Stallman was born in Manhattan and his academic degree is the Doctor of Sciences. He was the president of the Free Software Movement and his notable work is the GNU Emacs.
Napoleon III was a member of the royal class and was a student of Guillaume Henri Dufour. He worked in Paris and held the position of the head of government of France. His sibling was Charles de Morny Duke of Morny and his place of burial was the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III.
George W. Bush, who has the blood type O, was a member of the Episcopal Church and played rugby. He worked in Austin and has a daughter called Barbara. His wife is Laura Bush.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was a computer scientist who worked for the Ames Research Center. She was influenced by Douglas Engelbart, who worked for the Ames Research Center and died of kidney failure. Elizabeth J. Feinler's work is in the archives of the Computer History Museum.
Louis-Philippe I was a Lieutenant General who worked until 1850. He was born in France and his native language was French. He was a member of the House of Orleans and his siblings included Princess Adelaide of Orleans. His child was Princess Francoise of Orleans.
Federico Fellini was born on 20 January 1920 and died in Rome. He was a satirist who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He was buried in Rimini.
Giuseppe Verdi was born in Italy and was married to Giuseppina Strepponi. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and his notable work was Il trovatore. He studied under Vincenzo Lavigna and owned Villa Verdi. He was buried in the Casa de Riposo por Musicisti.
Louis Bonaparte was born on 2nd September 1778 and died on 25th July 1846 of natural causes. He had a child called Napoleon Louis Bonaparte and his sister was Elisa Bonaparte. Louis Bonaparte's archives are at the Defence Historical Service.
Gerhard Schröder was born on 7 April 1944 and is married to Anne Taschenmacher. He was a lawyer and worked for N M Rothschild & Sons. He was a participant in the 2004 German presidential election and held the position of President of the Bundesrat of Germany.
Bruce Willis was born in Idar-Oberstein and is married to Demi Moore. He is a film producer and has worked on the TV series Moonlighting. He has won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a TV Series Musical or Comedy. He has a frontotemporal dementia. He speaks English.
Daniel Balavoine was born on 5 February 1952 and died on 14 January 1986. He was a recording artist who played the Fairlight CMI and was influenced by Phil Collins. He had a son called Jeremie Balavoine.
Elvis Presley was born on January 8th, 1935 in English speaking Memphis. He was a rock musician and film actor. Brandon Presley was his relative.
Daniel Balavoine was born in Alençon and died in an aviation accident. He was a singer-songwriter and played the acoustic guitar. He was influenced by Led Zeppelin and his child was Joana Balavoine.
Pius XII was born in Vatican City and died in Castel Gandolfo. He was a cardinal and was consecrated by Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano. He was a participant in the 1939 papal conclave and was depicted by Pius XII and the Rescue of Jews in Italy: Evidence of a Papal Directive.
Helmut Kohl was born on 1930-04-03 and died in the Old Cemetery. He was a political scientist and held the position of Chairman of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. He was a participant in the 1987 West German federal election. He had a son named Walter Kohl and a mother named Cäcilie Kohl.
François Hollande was born in Rouen and is a member of the French National Assembly. He is an international forum participant and works in Paris. He is an agnostic and has a son named Thomas Hollande. His partner is Ségolène Royal.
Sean Connery was a footballer and a TV actor. He was an English speaker and was a member of the Royal Navy as an Able Seaman. He was a nominee for the MTV Movie Award for Best On-Screen Duo. He died on 2020-10-31.
Tupac Shakur was a singer who performed political hip hop. He was named after Tupac Amaru II and his mother was Afeni Shakur. He was related to Geronimo Pratt and his brother was Mopreme Shakur.
Tupac Shakur was an African American actor and hip hop musician. He was married to Keisha Morris and his father was Mutulu Shakur. He wrote in English and ended his career in 1996.
Tupac Shakur was born in East Harlem and died at the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada. He was a composer and his genre was hip hop music. His father was Mutulu Shakur and his siblings were Kastro and Sekyiwa Shakur.
Wilhelm Grimm was born in 1786 and is a Calvinist. He was a collector of fairy tales and his notable work is Grimms' Fairy Tales. He was married to Dorothea Grimm and his sister was Charlotte Amalie Grimm. He wrote in German.
José Rizal was born in Calamba and died in the capital. He was a doctor and a painter. He was married to Josephine Bracken and his brother was Paciano Rizal. He studied under Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker.
Bill Clinton was born in the United States and his native language is English. He is a saxophone player and his occupation is a diplomat. He has a pet called Socks and has one child. His parents are Virginia Clinton Kelley and William Jefferson Blythe Jr.
Louis XVI of France was born in the Palace of Versailles and died in the Basilica of Saint-Denis. He was a student of Alexandre Frédéric Jacques de Masson Pezay and his child was Princess Sophie of France. He was part of the Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette and held the position of the French co-prince of Andorra. His sibling was Charles X of France.
George Orwell was born in Motihari and died on 1950-01-21. He was a performer and a journalist. He was a native English speaker and his notable work was Politics and the English Language. His sister was Marjorie Frances Blair.
Jacques Chirac was born in the 5th arrondissement of Paris and died in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. He was a member of the French National Assembly and his notable work was the development of the port of New Orleans. His child was Claude Chirac and he was buried at the Montparnasse Cemetery.
Émile Zola is a novelist and his mother is Émilie Aubert. He is a member of the free-thought movement and was a journalist. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in literature and is different from Elémire Zolla.
Charles Aznavour was born in the 6th arrondissement of Paris. He was a recording artist who worked for UNICEF. He was married to Evelyne Plessis and had a child called Katia Aznavour. He died in Mouriès.
Charles Aznavour was born on 22 May 1924 and his father was Misha Aznavourian. He was married to Micheline Rugel and has 5 children, the youngest being Misha Aznavour. He was the ambassador of Armenia and his musical genre is world music.
Carl Sagan was a naturalist and a planetary scientist. He was married to Ann Druyan and had a student named Bill Nye. He wrote in English and his notable work was The Demon-Haunted World. He had a medical condition called myelodysplastic syndrome.
Carl Sagan was born on 1934-11-09 and has a child named Nick Sagan. He was a space scientist and popular science writer who worked for Cornell University and had a student named Steven W. Squyres. One of his notable works is The Demon-Haunted World.
5th in line to the British throne, Albert II Prince of Monaco was born in the Prince's Palace of Monaco. He is a bobsledder and was the president of Monaco. Albert II Prince of Monaco's official name is "A So’ Altessa Serenìssima u Prìncipu Albertu Segundu de Mùnegu". Albert II Prince of Monaco is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2016. Albert II Prince of Monaco's title is Prince of Monaco and his occupation is bobsledding. Albert II Prince of Monaco's unmarried partner is Angie Everhart.
Willy Brandt was a politician who worked in Bonn. He was married to Anna Carlotta Thorkildsen and had a son called Lars. He was the President of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin and his occupation was autobiography. He died on 1992-10-08.
Frédéric Chopin is a musician who performs waltzes. He was a student of Józef Elsner and his notable work is Études. He is a Romantic musician and his mother is Tekla Justyna Chopin.
Antonio Vivaldi was a music teacher who performed opera. He was employed by the Ospedale della Pietà and his career ended in 1741. He was known as il Prete Rosso. L'estro armonico Op. 3 is one of his notable works and Giovanni Battista Somis was his student.
Che Guevara was born in Rosario and died by homicide. He was married to Aleida March and his father was Ernesto Guevara Lynch. He was influenced by Mao Zedong and his pseudonym was Fuser. He was also an avid chess player.
Che Guevara was born on 1928-06-14 and died on 1967-10-09. He was an essayist and his child was Aleida Guevara. He was a chess player and his death was an extra-judicial killing. He was known as Ramon.
1926-02-02 born Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was a statesperson who worked as the Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry. He was a member of the Giscard d'Estaing family and was married to Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing. He died of COVID-19.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was born in Koblenz on 2 February 1926. He was a politician and worked as the Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry. He was a Catholic and his place of work was Brussels. He was in the Archives nationales.
Johann Sebastian Bach was born in Eisenach and died in St. Thomas Church. He was a violist and his employer was the Collegium Musicum. He was married to Anna Magdalena Bach and his father was Johann Ambrosius Bach. His daughter was Christiana Sophia Enrietta Bach.
Hans Christian Andersen was born on 2 April 1805 in Odense. He was a Lutheran and was a professional author. He died on 4 August 1875. He had a sister called Karen Marie Andersen. One of his notable works was The Steadfast Tin Soldier.
Hans Christian Andersen is a cut paper artist who was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He is a fairy tale writer and is known for The Little Match Girl. He is different from Hans Andersen and is depicted by the Bust of Hans C. Andersen Naupactus.
Narendra Modi is a politician who has worked at the international forum and the 12th BRICS summit. He is different from Narendra Dabholkar and has white hair. He is 75.0 kilograms and his native language is Gujarati.
Performing artist Ingmar Bergman was born on July 14, 1918 in Uppsala Cathedral Assembly. He was married to Else Fisher and has a daughter named Maria von Rosen. He has a father named Erik Bergman. Ingmar Bergman died in Fårö Parish.
Tom Hanks is a film producer and English writer who has type 2 diabetes. He was a Tony Award nominee for Best Actor in a Play. He is married to Samantha Lewes and has a brother named Larry Hanks.
James Joyce is a blue-eyed author who worked in Paris. He has a daughter named Lucia and an unmarried partner named Nora Barnacle. He is a fiction writer.
M.C. Escher was a still life artist who worked as a graphic artist. He was married to Jetta Umiker and his mother was Sara Adriana Gleichman. He worked in Haarlem and his notable work is Waterfall. M.C. Escher's works are in the collection of the National Museum of World Cultures.
Angela Merkel, who was born in Germany, is a doctoral student in physics. She has a short name of Angela Kasner and her employer is the Zentralinstitut für Physikalische Chemie. She is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013.
Louis XIV of France was born on 5th September 1638 and died in the Basilica of Saint-Denis. He was the co-prince of Andorra and his works are in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. He was the author of A Little Chaos.
J. R. R. Tolkien was born on 1892-01-03. He was a military officer and was employed by The Oxford English Dictionary. He was influenced by Edward Wyke Smith and was a notable work Tree and Leaf. He was also known as Oxymore and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
J. R. R. Tolkien was a military officer and a fantasy writer. He was influenced by Edward Wyke Smith and was a member of the English Tolkien family. He was a Hugo Award nominee for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form.
Antonin Dvorak was born in 1841. He was a violinist and a music teacher. He was a student of William Arms Fisher. He was a composer and worked in New York City.
Leonhard Euler was born on 15th April 1707. He was an astronomer and worked in Saint Petersburg. He wrote in German and his notable work was Euler's theorem. He also worked in the theory of differential equations and his student was Mikhail Golovin.
Michael Jackson is a musician who performs dance music. He is married to Lisa Marie Presley and has a sister called Janet. He is African American and has a percussion instrument. He is a perfectionist.
Diego Velázquez was born in Seville and died in Madrid. He was a portrait painter and worked for the National Gallery of Victoria. His father was Joao Rodrigues da Silva.
Andy Warhol was born in Pittsburgh and died in Paris. He was a printmaker and designer who worked in pop art. He was a participant in the De Calder à Koons Bijoux d'Artistes La Collection Idéale de Diane Venet. He has works in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Henri Matisse, who died of a myocardial infarction, was a participant in the Documenta 1. He was a divisionist and his notable work was the Blue Nude II. He worked in London and his works are in the collection of the Seattle Art Museum.
The architectural draftsperson and painter, Rembrandt, was a Dutch Golden Age painter. He had a son called Titus van Rijn and a student called Karel van der Pluym. He has works in the Fogg Museum. One of his notable works is Belshazzar's Feast.
2011 World Championships in Athletics participant and sprinter Usain Bolt was born in Sherwood Content on August 21, 1986. He has a mass of 95.0 kilograms and has a medical condition of COVID-19.